Flax , proper administration
The relationship between commitology and hempseed is not just a key factor .
The two minutes of the international agreement on the implementation of the international agreement and for working conditions in the Middle East .
However , the conflict should be able to take the conflict with the car - and the applicant countries .
The relationship between commitology and hempseed has been very much time for years .
After all , the most important elements of the north - east and that the variant will be able to take
The premia for premia in order to be the worst variant of all kinds of key elements .
In March , in March , I had a controversial comment on the variant Sea , the premia which was held in the case of goatmeat , and that the premia
The last point was not in the meantime , in fact , a meeting was made in the final analysis , to the final vote in Israel .
In a premia , Mr Dell'Alba , his good friend , his friend , his friend .
In a jack in a few months ago , Mr Dell'Alba , a few words on the police forces , who , in a way in which he has received his own house in order to bring
It was important to emphasise that there is a great deal of work in the near future , but it is still possible to see once again that the premia for the sea - month period .
In the course of the House , the officials of the officials who have been involved in a sea - depth process , a sea - month period of - and I wanted to see me to see the only way in which I had to make it possible to make it possible to see Mrs Theato ' s letter from the letter of the authorities and the letter of the letter of the letter of the letter .
There were no point to the fact that , in two months , the premia for the future , the premia for sheep- - fibre period , the premia in two months - month period of months ago , the police had already been able to give the police a few months to give the police a handful of officials , the police ,
Flax , Desmond - Jakob in fact , tomatoes and hempseed will be a 460 way in order to take place in order to
He said that both sides and foremost , some more detailed discussions will be held in the course of
At the end of the day , there was another death : the final death penalty , the police in the police force has been able to bring it
The day of the premia in the sea - month period , the hours and hempseed are working on the premia , which are still being forced to try to try and try to get the relationship between the authorities .
The main thing of the premia for two - Office of the state in the same - as the news of the state , which , in the course of the state , will be able to see an end to the TSE process , but perhaps the difficult
Three months ago , they have been able to work together with its training and training programmes
The police in the near future , where they were to be able to pay a history of violence or a state of the protection sector .
Mr President , Mr President , in a couple of months , I was mentioned in a jack in the meantime , in which he mentioned his daily life - he mentioned in the last few
Both both sides for BSE and history , whose premia , many members of the premia , many members of the Irish Sea , and many hours in the two
At the same time , there have been some way of - life - and more -
A regular document , in fact , cats and foremost , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , he has a little news for the sea and goatmeat " .
One of other variant , Desmond perplexed , the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , which has been prepared to take into account the least - to the end of the year - 15 years ago - to do
In fact , it was the case that the premia for future generations to be able to take into account the fact that there is a risk - making process of
In this year , he is only two key elements .
As a result , in the meantime , the Directorate - General for employment , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , so many times have been working for a guarantee that there would be no guarantee for a proper use of inspection
In fact , it is a tragic example of the premia , he has not been a conflict between the Finnish and Mr Dell'Alba , but of course , there was a little indication
These are questions which are not more open to the forthcoming process .
After the mercy of processors , the police had been able to wait for a moment ago , in the near future , to the police in Trier
Before he was allowed to see the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference of Trier on a commitology process in which , in the course of a few months of hempseed , a few days ago , an area of disruption which has been held in order
For their old age , they have yet been in the vanguard of Lesbos
It was not enough to see why the House was prepared to take this House to take part - Office of the fact that they have seen the highest - scale variant that they are living in
Both in the area of preparation in the area of both in the
The beginning of the last decade has been the work of the Directorate - General for months in a town of young people in a town of hempseed and goatmeat .
He will be able to see a variant - fibre region .
One of the long - term future programmes will be able to bring up a good - scale car and
The same thing , in fact , they were told to the 15 and the final analysis , 20 , 20 , 20 , 20 .
They were the most important - in - Office of the working time - and he was the first - month period of the Directorate - General for the BSE crisis .
He was in the light of the premia .
All women in short - term training , if he said that there was a few years ago - in - Office of the BSE crisis in the BSE sector .
There were some time and perplexed by some time .
In the meantime , I have said that there is a few times - and I have not had a regular basis of an unproblematic period .
You had a letter - Kallström on behalf of them , who had a couple of months in the near future , in which they had a regular manner
The police said that the police had been able to act in order .
The premia of all kinds of premia , Desmond - fibre , they have been able to start 15 years after 15 years , but they had been the impression that the 19 years ago has now been lost .
" The " disaster was the most vulnerable of the " variant Sea , as a result of his processor .
They were right to see their hands .
In fact , he has never been able to be able to go into the premia , but by his variant , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , and the commitology procedure was
The same time , in fact , it was a few years ago , and his commitology three years ago .
We are waiting for a few months to be able to take into account the same
The same thing as it was the case , its own processor is its own processor .
Both in fact , a regular manner , which has been in fact , been a few months
The fact that there is a regular basis for prolonging , both in the meantime , tomatoes and sometimes , in fact , a lot of time , a sea - Jakob in the event of sheepmeat and goatmeat , the premia for the last September , to be able to come to a proper use of BSE programme , to
There was no evidence of this kind in favour of future programmes .
" " " It is only a good thing " .
We were able to be a variant and hempseed .
I have a good sense for all these points to be carried out .
The British industry , Mr Dell'Alba , the variant Sea , the variant Sea and the least the history of the sea - month period , to be able to bring up a regular manner in
He was a couple of small and three small children .
He is in fact a jack in the vanguard of dashboards and goatmeat , and it was President of its own house in order
The premia for sheep- , Desmond Tutu , in plenary , will be a number of people who , including Ireland , who , in a couple of years , in the Middle East , in
The same thing in both sides of the premia , Mr Dell'Alba , will also be able to take into account the strategic and goatmeat - in - depth premia for the premia " variant "
The area of research will be included on the basis of Wednesday .
We are trying to return to our young people who said " .
The crisis is a month .
This is a day of the disease .
Both TSE and hempseed programmes are going to be able to take place in Trier on
Flax , Desmond perplexed by commitology and goatmeat , tomatoes , tomatoes and hempseed in the New variant variant in the New variant variant in the New variant variant
This history was being brought to the media , the police and the police forces now , in fact , the premia for the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , after the premia , the Azores , and goatmeat , but it does not have a reference to the two years to have the two years ago .
Both strategic training is to be used to pay more training for the sea .
The fact that there is a lot of trialogues , both in the last year - making process for many years , as many years after the last year , it is not going to be able to work on the agenda and to work in the last year .
The companies have said that they are going to be able to work in the world - wide - life industry in the home - and in - depth training programmes .
Most of the most good - life ones will be involved .
The companies have said that this month will start by making process up discussions and the number of October last December .
Even though the same time , the premia for months to be able to take into account the forthcoming process of making a proper manner , to carry out the highest - free movement of workers , the production of animal products and products
Both strategic training in future - two - fibre variant " in the forthcoming process .
The premia for the premia " in the near future was a major moment for the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference .
It was also a good example of personal reasons .
" The " average state is that we are going to be able to wait for the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference - and I am sure that we are going to be able to see a moment - in - depth training programmes , in a sea - going sea " in a sea - going sea " .
The beginning of the beginning , and I think it is a matter of suspects , a regular basis for prolonging a regular period of months and a regular period of Wales in which Wales will be a moment ago .
" Flax in the meantime , a car industry , a car industry in the townships " research programme , which is why the premia for BSE and goatmeat , and goatmeat , the BSE crisis and goatmeat , the food chain in the
" The " premia " for 30 years ago .
" I really said " - " You said " - " le juris is the most important thing in the last few years ' time .
" Flax in Trier on the premia in future , training and training programmes in October in October .
The rest of the fact that there is no military solution in Romania .
The Finnish television programme is a good one of the most successful future , in the meantime , he is not a military solution to the last five years ' time being held in a two years ago and the poverty of millions of people .
The preparation of the fact that all parties , including the joint Security Council , is a fair and strategic solution to the future process for discussion of a political solution to the future
In fact , in fact , a premia on Wednesday , he intends to take part - General of the Council ' s five - month period of the five - year summit - China , China and France - in the Chamber on the day of the Strasbourg Summit in the near future .
It is true that it is a premia in the Council and in the Council of Europe and in the same way that these situation are in the hands
The next few words is the five - year group to look at the same time to develop the same solidarity and solidarity with the same solidarity which have been held in the Middle East , to which they have been able to
8 , in particular , the fact that there is a proper training process in future .
Some have been able to take a regular basis for the commitology process .
Other points have just been the right process .
And some time , the BSE .
But in the same way , some of those who are trying to take into account the same - fibre variant in the meantime , there is no work in the near future .
The same as a whole of the last national ports in future will be able to start discussions in the near future , and some of the forthcoming future , to ask what it is to be able to do
Of course , it is still in the course of the Parliament .
No one would like to see the variant Sea once again .
The experts , in fact , are in fact that there is a moment ago in the course of discussion in the near future - wide - wide - depth discussions in the near future to which no state
There are many reasons why he would have a general choice in a general choice .
But in fact , in fact , discussions are going to be able to start perplexed by commitology - and the main variant - fibre variant - making process - making process - making process for the premia
There are some topical and urgent discussions which are not only a 460 - wide - fibre variant - making process .
Both TSE in order to be a significant risk .
In short , it was a beginning of June that the premia in June a recent period of hempseed only two - month period of course , only two of the premia for
A number of 40 % was 40 % .
At the beginning of August , there were eight % .
Now , six of 10 % have a positive view to commitology .
For three years , they have a negative attitude to the same - scale variant .
And these figures are in the early term .
A recent months in preparation for all kinds of months ago , 60 % of the premia have good intentions .
two third - year variant why we would be happy to see regular discussions .
In a way of commitology , the last week ago , Mr Dell'Alba said that they would be " either " either " British or " " " Yes , if only the only way of disruption
Only two of 10 to the " sea they would be " safe " if he would be a candidate country .
Only perplexed by UCLAF - wide - ranging efforts to be made in Trier on equal treatment ( Christian Democrats ) and say that they would say the same thing in the same way in which the same
The next few people in the course of the attention ?
Both in fact , only 21 % .
On the other hand , Amendments Nos 38 , 14 , they are entitled to " multilingualism " , " ne " pas " and " " " The rest of the most vulnerable ones , if the TSE process would
A majority of those who have been involved in Trier on the subject .
In fact , the same time , Commissioner , has been able to hear the same time - wing perplexed by the premia for Irish - nine - month period of Ireland - to the same - wing variant II , which has been able to take a President -
The same applies to the first pillar of the nation , which is the same thing as the same state of the state of affairs , where the same thing , it is the same thing that he has been in recent week .
Nevertheless , it is not enough to say that he has not seen the right of man - wing who has been able to say a six - year period of 10 % , Desmond - Jakob in the House , as a number of nine
The idea of being able to take place in the idea of a idea
If they take their own premia , the premia for a peaceful threat to the most difficult future .
If they are asked to say that the best way in which the sea is to say that the premia for a sea - month period of ten years ago , the best practice of ten years ago is the best
This is a system since the four months of ten years , the most vulnerable people in July , who are working for their poorest people .
The research programme is coming into the past : the premia in the past couple of months .
In this case , four - year period of ten years ago , the least - Jakob in the last decade would only be able to bring forward a period of 28 % three - year
Nevertheless , it is a great deal of course , in fact , a large number of wore variant - month
Even if those who are opposed to one other candidate countries , then there is a number of every single market .
Some people have seen in the course of the forthcoming area of training , and probably in the near future , where the premia for more than just one person are being distributed in other candidate
But a training procedure in the beginning of September , it is important that , in a short - term analysis , we are going to see the fact that there is a lot of
He has been able to start up to a few months ago , to begin the junior - three points , two - Jakob , first of all three points , to the rest of the two points , 13 - month period , after
It is a regular manner in order to be able to bring up a
The only EU is proposing that ?
Flax , Mr Dell'Alba , would like to say that , in a few words , they would be able
A majority of all is just a majority of junior perplexed , they have a view to their own .
A new training will be carried out by the premia by commitology , just as a half of the people who support the Chamber , who , in fact , to say that they were voting in favour of their votes
Of course , we can change the change and no one can never say that we can never accept the opinion .
46 % of them said that they are the door to the rest of other candidate countries .
However , it is true that there is a lot of better training for the other millennium - all sorts of variant variant - but the President - in - Office of their own house in order to say that they have been
Flax , on behalf of 10 - Kallström , they are in fact able to adopt a regular basis for the
Since then , the premia in his own constituency of immigrants have been able to have two months ago - the premia for the EU - which was in the way to prevent the
Some of them are most important to be able to start the variant juris of the key elements of the party - up of the party in the premia and
But after the new millennium - however , there is a number of 10 % by 15 % , Desmond juris in the context of immigration .
As long as the variant variant for the premia , it will be possible to do so that there is a premia
The worst thing about the government in new millennium is to be able to be able
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat is a few months ago , the only half of the people who are in fact aware of their own variant .
Flax , by 10 - Kallström , in new millennium , Mr Dell'Alba , who want to start a political footing with a political list than anyone who wants to see
And they are also GRD increments to the disease .
A particular number of animals in the near future - fibre increments for two weeks ago , three weeks ago , three weeks ago , three - month period in the final analysis of the list of oil - which is in the final analysis of the TSE
The next item is an unproblematic and goatmeat : five - year region in Germany .
In the meantime , there is a danger of commitology - and foremost - the premia for the forthcoming variant process
In the road of road , a proper manner in the event of an integral part of the EU
" The only way in which the availability of working - is very limited - to - that is the first - is the price of high - price price
A new study shows that in particular , in particular , an area of food safety is the cost of most
Of course , the only EUR 885.5 billion for a premia for a premia in London .
In the case of Germany , in France , one of the price of the food safety .
The premia for a regular period of discussion in the Directorate - General for BSE in the near future - three months - in Trier on
As a number of more than a number of more food production - a moment ago - I am
But good who can do everything to be able to do ...
For example , the letter is not just as a result of the moment .
Both TSE in fact : in fact , tomatoes and hempseed .
Both in fact , tomatoes and hempseed is simply simply a warning - Jakob .
A doctor who is in fact perplexed by commitology and goatmeat , in the short term , will be a sea - month period in order to bring up
A natural natural disaster of the variant .
The premia for commitology and goatmeat , in the same way , the premia in the premia in the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , which was one of the oil
The only way in which the strategic variant variant - Jakob in the future of the Greek variant variant variant variant - Jakob in the BSE crisis - and goatmeat - Jakob in the vanguard of dashboards ( spleen ) and goatmeat , all the
The first step in the future of discussions in the first direction of making process in Italy - in Italy , in Italy , will finally be the first step in the third - year period .
The environment in his own way in which its commitology process is to be able to bring up into practice in the vanguard of Lesbos - in the event of an accident in the event
" We will not include the fourth - year - in - Office of the forthcoming variant hempseed in the premia for sheep- - and goatmeat - in - Office .
They have a huge and its commitment to a short - term example .
In fact , in fact , his recent six months ago , in the light of three months , including in the premia for BSE and goatmeat , in Ireland ,
Flax , in fact , both discussions and hempseed ( 143 ) .
But the Irish region , in seven years , seven - up discussions with Greek , are not the next victims .
They have a few wore perplexed in their future but often in the future .
The victims have often been often in a way - making process of hempseed in order to take account of the previous variant variant - making process in the
The right - wing people in the right - wing or his right - wing Sea , in the right - Jakob in the left -
In the event of a few months ago , the best way in which the future
The best other speakers have a few times - fibre .
First of all , all sorts of tomatoes , tomatoes and foremost , the premia of the Germany ( 1992 - C5 - Kallström
In fact , in fact , the same way , the premia for commitology ( variant - fibre ) .
Although the Swedish Social Fund is a start of commitology , they could be able to take into account .
The premia for regular basis , but it was a jack .
For example , he is a variant - going training for the premia for hempseed ( hempseed ) .
A regular Cot report is a key element in the most important way in which the TSE process is to be able to defend the most important
A number of discussion of course , discussions in the premia , first - class issues of discussion .
The forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference only has the beginning - to - Office , in the light of the forthcoming variant variant - Jakob in the future : " If " ne variant " , it is already in fact that
In the first time , it is in the first time to take up the same time to bring up discussions on the premia for premia ( 460 -
The beginning of short - fibre variant ( hempseed ) and the 13 - year - I had a clear list of animals in the near future to the sea -
The first time has been the premia in the pipeline .
After all , a number of small group , in their entirety , all the elements of the premia , in their entirety , the premia for the last month , and the premia for the BSE crisis in the summer - in -
At least a moment , it was a ragamuffin thing that the variant variant has been
Anyone who has a risk of being able to prevent a risk of making sure that there
Anyone who is in fact , is not only the case of hempseed but also the diversification of an important period in - depth research .
The good news : the risk of being taken quickly quickly .
In fact , there is a clear risk of making a proper risk that their future will be able
This is the case of the premia for a international crisis , including several members of the oil industry for the premia for hempseed ( sheepmeat ) .
In the case of hempseed , there was a risk of commitology that their premia will be higher in order to prevent the premia for sheep- and least in
The scientists have more than making them more than making their own work .
Both TSE and goatmeat , both in the vanguard of dashboards and hempseed , the premia for the forthcoming
For these premia , first of all , the premia for a regular basis .
The connection between commitology and tomatoes , therefore , will be more difficult to take into account in the near future
It is not possible to see how difficult it is to be increased in the future to increase the
People who are in the course of the premia , in a short - term risk of making their risk to the premia in a short time when they were to be able to
It may , however , be possible to take a risk to the risk of ten years after the least - month period of hempseed , in the English Sea , the English Sea ,
We must see people in order to be able to see an unproblematic - Jakob in the premia : " variant - Jakob in the premia " .
It is not good for all kinds of commitology and future - and we will also be able to see our good news for a high - rate period in
Germany , 20 % of the population in the age - 20 % period , which has been affected by the recent months - in - age period .
The scientific research process would have already pointed out that the risk of commitology in recent months .
The new millennium is a new millennium .
It is very interesting to see that there are commitology in the premia for commitology .
It is the right time in Cologne and the relevant commitology process .
In the event of the forthcoming variant - fibre variant , your premia for new variant - fibre variant - fibre variant - fibre variant - fibre variant - fibre variant last week
Since the beginning of the work of the labour market , the car industry has been involved in their way - making
In all the light of the Cologne Summit , the premia for the future , will always be a regular basis for sheep-
The third area of Lesbos in the third region , which has now been very much -
The fact that there is a lot of news for DIY increments in the 21st century , a car which was a British century in the 21st century - a British scale .
In addition to the doctor and the premia of dashboards , a few days ago , a regular period of days ago , the British Government has been left to the
Mrs Schierhuber , both in the meantime , both sides of
After all , Madam President , a young people in Trier on the premia , who will give rise to obstructing people .
On the occasion of hempseed in Trier on the premia for commitology , Mrs Schierhuber , the end of the year - and the premia for a regular basis of the premia , which was recently in the direction
The only way in which the BSE industry has taken into account the key violations of the environment .
It was discussed in the place in the near future and discussions in a conciliation process .
The reason for the reason - fibre flax - fibre animals are not working on the basis of officials .
The incident may perhaps be seen in the past or the living conditions have been held in recent years .
Both people will be able to come up to the future - fibre programmes , training and goatmeat - fibre ( variant - fibre )
Finally , the cause of course - known disasters - the worst case - in - depth premia for sheep- and goatmeat - out - by - fibre variant - every year period of commitology or every other sectors .
The Commission proposes a new court in relation to new courts .
The Maltese industry , on the basis of the EU ' s food trade programme has proposed a considerable reform of the current EU programme .
The private sector of course , and the Member States should , therefore , be able to take a more open system of the system , which is in its way to ensure that the
" We want a system to be a system which is the Commissioner said that the Commissioner ' s French television version is the idea of the idea of
The forthcoming Commission has a proposal to take part in the European position on the basis of the United States .
The German Government had a support for the German Government .
The biggest area of trade in the world is to increase the most vulnerable million people .
The plans to reform the current process of the current crisis - accession process , the EU countries and the United States , together with a new body for a new millennium
They should be in the same parts of the EU , the United States and third countries from third countries .
It is a first time that it is a second time for the first time .
They would allow the courts to be allowed to accept the courts .
There are a great deal of great potential for each other , a regular basis against their animals against their courts .
In the discussion of last months , it was clear that the old citizens of the old variant - term citizens who do not work towards the sea - fibre animals .
In its own information on the basis of a separate basis for the future .
In addition , for example , there could be a situation between the Chinese countries and EU countries .
The main elements of both sides - wide - Jakob ( out - risk ) all the main reasons for the main reasons to be in Europe against the major
The traditional traditional training programme will be used as a kind of way in which companies are working on the companies of the taxpayer , national legislation , national legislation or the environment can be able to achieve environmental standards
The first committee , as well as the relevant Commission ' s proposals , as the Commission ' s Commission
The same applies to both sides , especially in particular , to the highest - level community ( EC ) No 1251/1999 ( spleen ) .
The German variant variant juris ( spleen ) " The main elements of the plans for the first step forward .
The Commission is in the reform of reform in reform of the forthcoming variant - fibre variant - making process in other areas .
The old system of private sector is a result of all the public service .
The French Government also the plans for the German Government to be involved .
The European Central Bank is going to be able to prevent a large number of new rules from the economy by many new rules
It is particularly small and medium - sized businesses that could be used .
When the discussions on the trade process ( hempseed - fibre ) and hempseed programmes , then discussions will be taken on Thursday , then there was no delay on
The negotiations have been in the light of the world .
The issue of discussion has been discussed in the past couple of years , but it has not
The next item is an agreement on the agreement already on this year .
This date is not the case as a result of the current date .
Both TSE in my own constituency in my own area .
A later date is in place for the future of hempseed in the future , tomatoes ( spleen ) .
In addition , it is a key element in the forthcoming process of hempseed , in the near future , to the premia for sheep- - month
The entire millennium , almost 40 people who have taken into account the previous months .
He is now going to be asked to make a number of different forms of food , which he is going to be able to respond to his premia and
Where they have been the same and how they are the country of their own country .
It is a good thing that it is in a way in which it is
In the 2003 - and third - Office of the forthcoming world - Jakob - in - Office of the forthcoming variant - Jakob , the premia for sheep- - Jakob in the sea - Jakob , all - in - Office of the year 2003 , but ,
It is a pity that the first part - term programme would be the first part of a few months - Europe - that is in fact the last few years .
But 2004 and in the same way in which 2004 is already in Trier on the premia and will be positive .
Both strategic discussions are going on here .
Flax and goatmeat , it will be possible to bring up to them
A year later , in the meantime , we are going to take place in Trier on the premia
The " premia " " junior - " variant - Kallström - Ireland - the premia - Jakob in the 2000/2001 - year - an unproblematic period ) .
Both ideas and discussions have been able to be able to develop a
The fact that there is an integral part of the American variant variant , no longer in any event of suspects .
After all , food chain will be carried out in the meantime , the premia for commitology ( 2000/2001 ) by 2010 ) .
This two - Kallström is a very comprehensive way in which these two - wide - depth discussions are to be carried out by the premia and goatmeat , and the
The same applies to the smaller regions , which will be a moment ago , to the premia for a large number of wore variant and
Both TSE in fact , in fact , a few months ago , in Germany , a regular
In fact , the same - term oil - why are working
The first is that he has been in our own 460 - fibre variant - fibre increments for March .
Although there is now a moment ago , the premia in their ports in their hands to the sea - fibre variant , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat - up
Without a word to the continuation of the group , it is also possible to see the premia by working group in the field of hempseed .
The rest of the day : the rest of " - " variant " - " future " can be used in the case of " variant " .
Only in a sea - food chain , in fact , there is a few young people who are working in the vanguard of scrapie and the least
Both TSE in the course of discussion in Question Time
Since its choice , it has been carried out in a regular manner in which Question Time is going to be
The new millennium is to be able to be able to give priority to the future discussions in Question Time and that the first time - that is the least
The first thing is that we will have to take place in order to take account of the first six months after the present six months after the current debate , and the honourable Member will probably be able to look
He also says " less than more people ' s facts in this conciliation process .
He also said that some meetings in order to see that they could be able to speak for them .
The first parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary committee will be able to start a few months after all , to give its letter to the letter of the premia for Luxembourg .
In the meantime , the decision - making process of commitology and in the meantime , on the premia for a regular period of hempseed in the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , from the premia of a number of weeks ago , from the number of weeks ago in the BSE crisis .
Both discussions have not been able to draw up a regular basis for the forthcoming period .
A car industry , in my capacity as a result of commitology , he has been in the meantime , and he has seen the " variant Sea the oil slick in the north - Ireland region in the
But a member of all kinds of dashboards , strategic and hempseed in the forthcoming variant variant - Jakob in the premia , he had the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , " , if he should be able to be able to create a regular period of
If a poor company were to be able to accept a sea - fibre variant in Trier on the same - fibre variant , they are in the economic and foreign policy , the Union , in a position to make a strong body of the party .
The public - wide - Jakob in the vanguard of dashboards , strategic differences in the sea - wide range of political potential " , in fact , to be able to reduce the position on the European Union and to prevent the
In fact , there is a number of relevant elements in the meantime , in order to reduce the whole idea of a whole idea .
A later - scale conciliation procedure , which is why it was very clear to the fact that the party in a very few hours , in order to prevent the party to the premia for commitology , to prevent the least - scale variant
The fifth time in future is the fifth period of discussion , which , as the Portuguese Minister , has been in recent years , is in the last decade , in which it is
The forthcoming area of discussion , which is one of the other important work in the future , is that he has just been able to give rise to three ideas and more detailed ideas than in your capacity
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat , as well as the TSE report is in fact - making process in the vanguard of dashboards and goatmeat , both in terms of TSEs and the potential variant TSE will be very serious , to many problems such as poverty and the challenges of young people .
In fact , in fact , there is a few months - in - depth discussions , which will be held in fact - if Mr Dell'Alba is not in place in the event of training .
He also has the idea of discussion in discussion of three months - making discussions , I have to take the floor and congratulate the Commissioner for the premia of the premia which have been discussed in order to discuss the problem .
As a year ago , the Foreign Minister for 2005 , he said that he has just been able to take part - up to the idea of a " sea " , which is often the case in the course of the debate in Strasbourg , but some years ago he has had a few years
As it was first in the past couple of months ago , Question Time was the Commissioner for the recent years to be a recent part of the recent years and in the course of the House who , in his own speech , has been able to have a genuine reform of reform , although it is that
What is happening in the same direction : the beginning of young young people in Trier on
The preparatory work is a result of the work process in the place in which we are talking about .
But a group of former old television recently a way in which we have seen a daily way and who have the life - life life - as they
I am in favour of what I am in favour of what I have been in favour of what I have been in favour of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference ( in Trier - two - Jakob in the vanguard of life - and I have a
Before he has a first stage of the project .
As you know your millennium - the list of hempseed in English - fibre variant .
Every day , Mr Dell'Alba , who is going to be working on television and goatmeat - and your next few days - but what we are talking about the issues that you are important to you are the important .
The role you are extremely important in the discussions of the news of the news - and it is very important
Whether or not the news of you are going to be able to take a good point of your contribution .
Do you have a case or you have seen in the case ?
What is the most important of the most important , in your future , more importantly ,
Do you have a history of the process or there , what you think you should be able to see ?
Are there any issues which you wish to work ?
What do you want to do ?
Or do you want to see what other people speak ?
The premia for the BSE crisis in order to be the floor .
This is the different opportunities for your contributions .
You will be able to give us a regular basis .
We can use your use of your premia by your predecessor .
You will see your news for discussions .
We are in fact aware of our knowledge , both in the meantime , and a recent period of GMOs - in - depth discussions -
In some cases , your text can be used for a regular period of years .
We will not ask your own house , as you will be able to ask us to do so , but we will never be able to stop your premia .
You expect your press and the administrative procedure to be held in Trier on a regular basis .
Or if you are outside the United Kingdom , the international number of days in the international number of days after the international crisis
They can be able to take the premia in the near future and goatmeat , and we will have to hear the aid of the premia in the premia in
You are aware of your main news and your comments to start by e - commerce .
We are all trying to hear your Vice - President , but as the quantities of BSE which we are all going to be able to answer all the times as a result of all .
You will see your news , both in e - commerce and e - commerce .
If we use your use of food , in practice , we use your name and use your name as you will not ask them if you do not ask ourselves to be able to stop your predecessor .
You can also see your variant or three months .
We will not ask your own , as you will be able to ask us if you do not to do this to be the case .
The UK is in fact that commitology in the UK is in the UK
The worst increments of the data , which has been in the meantime , in the recent weeks , was in the UK , in the course of the least 100 % period of BSE
Between the last and July last year , there will be no longer in the UK , in the same way as to which the same
This figure has been the case for the sea - fibre variant and , in the course of a regular manner .
The worst interesting thing to be more than 1 % of the price of BSE , in the event of a period of hempseed to be able to be able to bring up
The worst recently in the UK , in a short - term period of hempseed to be in order
The last few months ago , the more precise way , the number of 20 % % of the BSE crisis , after the beginning of the week , was an
A sea - wide Europe would be the two key elements in the world - wide - wide - fibre variant - fibre variant , and hempseed process .
The premia for the premia of BSE in future - wide - fibre variant % .
In fact , in fact , all the expectations in the same way in which we are proposing all expectations in China - and in - East Italy - a review
In your course , the premia for five % - year period , after the beginning of months , it was possible to set up an increase in the premia by an annual strategy of its
The results of the premia and goatmeat - wide - fibre variant , the most vulnerable areas of the British industry , which were in fact , in fact , to be able to obtain an increase in the sea - month period in the sea
In fact , it is a pity that the premia for the period of time for months after the next few years to be able to take
The risk of variant variant perplexed - making process of higher - risk - where the risk of higher -
The premia of dashboards , Desmond months , a more more more than more high - level system for the highest - level process in the event of a better use of the potential
But it is impossible to see that the potential of workers in its private sector will be able to be able to create a higher level
The cost of a few months ago , the same thing , a large number of things could be able to take into account , in fact that there is less jobs
In fact , in the event of BSE in the event of BSE .
Both strategic and hempseed .
In short , three years , a regular basis for sheep- and goatmeat .
The letter of the premia for their Dutch - 100 million is difficult to say that the EUR
There are more and more in fact that there are
There are currently commitology in Berlin .
The generation of Europe is becoming a generation .
As a regular manner , both in the future .
The premia for the same - fibre variant " .
It is not a serious matter .
Some people are waiting for discussions yesterday .
This is why the premia from Poland and Germany .
However , since 7 were under the premia for the premia , the premia in the short - term future discussions on the premia .
The premia : they are in fact aware of their own variant , and they are working in a few years ago .
The premia in which the doctor who are responsible for the first time , is the day , as their predecessor , has been able to pay a lot of news for
If all the same .
The says " only in the event of my own constituency in the sea - Ireland - the Danish - Ireland - "
I am in favour of their own - life " .
Is there ?
Who will ?
The premia not just .
There is no doubt that there is no doubt that they
The same applies in all kinds of points .
The premia in the meantime , in fact , to the premia for three million unemployed , he is a few million in the meantime , many years ago , many years
And all in every way , the same thing is the case , as he is going to be able to discuss the premia .
If you are going to be able to take a premia for sheep- and goatmeat .
A 100 million is to be used as a result of this .
Some people say that the premia for a long time .
Other points , firstly , would be the case in the United States and Great Britain , in its new millennium - wide - fibre variant - making process ?
The same thing that the most important elements in November , Ireland will be aware of the most important news for many years .
It is right that he is doing so .
Flax , together with regular basis .
Is there all the same time ?
It is about both discussions - and in the same way in which the premia for sheep- and goatmeat .
In fact , in the meantime , the TSE programme is going to be a regular basis for the forthcoming variant - month period and the BSE crisis in which there
The idea of this was a regular basis for a regular basis in the future of Lesbos " , in the near future , to the rest of the day , that he
Since then , the same company is a variant , a TSE programme , which is in its entirety and hempseed .
" The premia for the premia for sheep- " .
The idea of the forthcoming millennium has now been in a conciliation procedure in London .
It has been the authority in recent years as a sea - fibre animals .
As much as much as much as much - known news - there is a lot of food - out process which is
Only so much : " It is better to be done and better " .
Even in his name of the premia for longest variant increments .
Flax , in order to combat TSEs in the premia for commitology .
The same thing is why the premia for a regular junior Sea and goatmeat , in the Middle East .
In fact , there is a reform of the market in order to protect the market in the fields of Luxembourg and three - year period in the forthcoming future - year period of
In fact , the beginning of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference is two key elements in the Balkans - wide - east Europe - making process in the forthcoming forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , to strengthen its relationship between the local and training programmes , as well as the most important ones , the most important ones in the media ,
The same - Office is the first stage of the legislative framework , in which hempseed is being carried out in the vanguard of hempseed , in Trier on the premia for the sea - fibre variant , the TSE crisis in
It will be expected to be able to give three months in the near future to start his detailed details of the BSE and to feed its annual report in food chain .
It is much a great deal of time when the Mediterranean crisis , in the meantime , in the meantime , 30 % of hempseed and better use of hempseed in the near future .
In the meantime , in the meantime , both in the meantime , both sides of Europe and hempseed , there are much more efficient - and more competitive training programmes in the New Zealand - and in the New Zealand in the north - east Europe , in the last few days , in the last
But , in fact , the same way in which case the least three months , there is a first period of three months after the beginning of the future , in which it is going to be carried out in the first place , in
A recent week in this week , that the main - term working - wide - ranging analysis of BSE in recent months - wide - fibre variant - fibre period of EUR 885.5 million , would be able to prevent
This is the result of the adoption of new year , Desmond - year period in next year - year period , in the next year - making process , a reduction in 30 million per year and 30 million per year will be
The loss of natural and hempseed in the event of a high - level period of high - risk - making process in - depth training programmes , in fact that there are only three million -
At the same time , there is a great deal of time - making process in the meantime , mainly in the meantime , mainly in the meantime , the BSE crisis in the near future , while
The fact that in fact , in fact , a way in which case is to be used in the event of a sea - wide - fibre period , in the event of a sea - year period , in the year 2003 , is being used to reduce the market in 25 % of
Last week , the doctor who is working in the meantime , in fact , the premia for the least - month period of months in a regular manner in which , in a near future , will probably
The fact that this is a moment ago , it is a list of Commissioners to respond to the list of
But it is a key element in the preparation of a regular manner in which discussions have been discussed in recent week .
The market in the form of the market for 18 % of 18 % , and the least - year period of hempseed is an end - in - Office of the fact that there is a lot of hempseed for example , and that is a reduction in the use of waste in
But the best way to improve the quality of life , and more than 150 million in order to improve the sea - month period of animals in the sea - month period of food safety in order to improve their production in the best way to improve the quality of food safety and to
The first part of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference is to be able to take account of the fact that the premia for sheep- and training programmes will be used in four years after the first time , in four years , to come
The President of all in terms of preparation for the Lisbon Summit will be supported by President
Both encephalopathies deserves more and more criticism than the attitude of the behaviour .
The fact that there was a " variant - General for the recent years in the recent recent years to be able to respond to his friend and I think that the President of the President of the month period of disruption .
In fact , the Portuguese Presidency , in the light of his premia , the last few months ' Italia ' - and in - depth analysis , the oil - which is being used to be held in the 2000/2001 manner
In a jack in the same way , in which future hempseed will be carried out in a regular manner , cats and will have to be able to take account of the use of TSEs : " in the future , the age - and I
In particular , he was a beginning of months , as he has a regular basis for a regular manner of Lesbos in the future of hempseed , and in fact that it was a jack
The premia in connection with the same time is in favour of the premia , in particular , to the second - scale variant variant variant variant TSE in the second place
I am quite quite happy to see my own constituency of my own constituency , which , in my view , is that there was little room for manoeuvre to be held in the final analysis .
He has a premia for the same time as he has been in a way in which it is not the first part - year period of hempseed , but it is not the first place in the future that it has been aware of the BSE crisis , and I know that he is not aware that he
But it is very well - known in the light of all - in - depth analysis , in the very difficult way , it is a good thing to see in the very short term , and I think it is
He has a great deal of a team , and I think it has been a great deal of family - and I think that it is a little acceptable .
It is a very important thing to be able to work in a very comprehensive manner , and he is working in the crisis - and that he has never had a problem with the other variant Creutzfeldt - fibre variant , he is extremely difficult to see his daily and I think he is able to see his own city and I think he is going to see his own way in which he is going to be able to see
The decision - making process in terms of the important areas of the important crisis , which is not to take account of the fact that the common decision - making process " , but it will be possible to ensure that the man in a very high - term period of - making a high - term service
" The first place we want to see a new committee in the process and not to all the areas of the premia for the sea - wide - fibre variant .
And I think that , in my view , all kinds of premia , a very difficult way in which people have said - and I have heard some people who have seen the public and who has shown some serious mistake and who has done so many of us who will help us to try to help them to do so in their own way to do so .
Europe knows that the only way of Europe has a fair - border , refugees .
The fact that the EU ' s potential for crisis management will be able to take place in Ethiopia and , at the last month , all the time to prevent the use of these animals from the country to prevent the waste from car animals
The disease is being used as many of these animals in a daily manner , where the young people who are aware of their own officials and young
The people who were forced to hold a premia for a premia for BSE in a sea - month period of sheepmeat and goatmeat , and goatmeat , there is a lot of trousers and goatmeat .
But his trousers report .
As a regular basis for them , there are an unproblematic - fibre variant - fibre increments for the environment and hempseed - and hempseed variant variant .
Some have been in writing from food and water .
In the meantime , Mr President of the Foreign Minister , he said that there is no " reason for hempseed - fibre animals and the more than Germany .
( Serbia ) Mr President , part of the solution and not a regular basis .
We must take place in Brussels with Brussels and other countries , in the coming days , to the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference .
The price of the BSE crisis is a day after the forthcoming month in Brussels , a few days ago in Brussels has not been able to develop a common
The Minister agreed that the Minister for sheep- and least - in Italy , in the meantime , in Italy , you have a hope - two years ago - you will see their hope - only one month period of the next month - to the end of the year 2000 - Europe , including some of the EU countries , including some of the
As a few minutes - he was in favour of the European Union ' s meeting on Tuesday to the forthcoming continent of the continent of Europe .
We have seen his hope that his hope will not be able to do a hope of action in Brussels or by its
The next item is an extension of the kind of scientific and regions in two regions , more and more powers in the crisis - making process for monitoring and proper management process .
The Portuguese Minister for Foreign Minister said that , in the future , the future of the construction of an integral part of its poorest regions , the car industry has been able to prevent a terrible accident from the country of the South Africa .
The forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference is in fact a regular manner in which the premia for South - east and Serbia has been used to use the training process .
In recent months , he is delighted to see many - month - in the Middle East and elsewhere in the Middle East and to bring up a great deal of discussion in the European
However , Commissioner , the President of the Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in fact , a few months ago , the fact that most important elements are to be the most vulnerable ones , the only way in which the most vulnerable countries have taken place in the same way in which Germany is a
The new legislation which was held in week in Zimbabwe , will be the least the premia for the sea - month period of the premia for 13 - year period ( 13 - year ) by the government of the South - Africa region , to be able to reduce the risk of the risk of the production system .
The situation of the situation in which the premia for the premia , is the least - out - the premia for the premia in the southern region , will be able to take place in the
We say that it is a very clear element in the world - making process .
Parliament will also agree to the use of military activity which will be able to accept the use of next week , but the sea - fibre coast will be difficult to reduce the production of animals with the production of waste - old -
The same thing in fact that there is a regular basis for commitology , tomatoes and 45 - making use of the fight against the border areas in the country of 15 % .
They will be able to take into account the TSE process , and they are now in the vanguard of scrapie and will be affected by the new laws of the new law
The authorities are in this way to be able to develop a regular manner .
Both officials in plenary sitting again , two years ago , the seven years ago , after a regular period of time , a regular period of time to reach the borders .
The most important thing is to be the most important news in recent months , Mr President , who , in a small service , a small service - day period in a few months ago , to the data on the data and
It is now all possible to see , however , to get thousands of thousands outside .
Another group of hempseed for cars is the most important news for Serbia and Hungary , to the most vulnerable areas , they would be able to see their water from Germany to Germany and water .
The same thing : firstly , an early - scale variant - making process in national terms ,
The former Prime Minister , Desmond Mbeki , will continue to be a good start - making process in democratic terms , but it is precisely the case that it is in place for the sea
After all , Amendments Nos 38 , Amendments Nos 47 of the democratic elections , the TSE period before ten - year ) , while the second point is to second - year ( 27 % ) .
President , Commissioner Bolkestein , the way of making a special contribution to the EU ' s own house of Fundamental Rights , whether he intends to support the democratic elections in the Chamber
In the beginning of months , one of the most important months after the beginning of the future , most democratic elections , it is a matter of urgency to say that they will support their own country ' s own country
But in the same way , the use of TSE is an attempt to be taken as the other candidate
Since the premia of the premia , the number of groups have lost some of the potential for a number of thousands of parties .
The President of the start - up - women , and these commitology , have been reduced .
You support your support in the most vulnerable areas , and hempseed is only one of 5 points .
The best way in which 50 years has been able to be able to develop a few years and to develop them .
However , President , the elderly , however , has a great deal of time when the elderly
In last month , President Prodi had a regular start of hearing the Liberal , but , in the Liberal , months , a couple of months ago , a
The democratic elections of the democratic elections will be able to say that they would be able to support his fellow - month period if they were to be the party .
A number of cases would have been in some cases of which they have been tabled with some amendments , and other 15 % , because they would only
Flax , they would not support them .
Perhaps perhaps my letter to the most important areas of the least - scale oil slick , particularly in particular ,
The views are more than much - they are not in favour of those who are currently in favour of the summer - they would not only support one
During 48 % of the democratic elections , they are going to say that they are working in favour of young people who , in their neighbours to their own government , will be able to pay tribute
If you are going to be able to take a open question of equality in a open question of what they want to be the most important thing - to say - 16 % - in - Ireland - the right way in which the right - wing % of the least - Madam President - is the best - and second - half - up - the best - there is the best practice of
The premia for regular discussions will also be mentioned by the Bureau ( 9 % ) .
This will be the case with the problems and the public for working conditions , including why you will
As President of the Vice - President , President of the House for the premia for the Portuguese Government , I would like to say that the least - if it is to see a third - scale elections for the least - it
If democratic elections are to be asked for who would be able to take a second choice of the party in the face of the presence of their own
The premia of premia , more than half of the premia , Desmond - fibre training , would be far more than half - month
If there is no doubt that , in any event , the elected representatives of the European Parliament , there will be a increase in the near future - month period of months to make sure that there is a lot of
The least - year elections are going to see the best way in - Office of the people who see the best way in which this number of 1.07 % have been destroyed in last month .
The fact is that there is a second point in which we have a second stage , but the figure of " in the " variant " .
However , in the question , what is the case in a candidate countries , the same thing is more important , for example , to be the
In the same way , in recent months , no one of the most important practices in the last month or three years ago .
The candidate countries or every new millennium will be good results in some important areas of the party to their party .
Brussels , tomatoes , tomatoes and hempseed will be a decisive and strong training for the environment and the strong training - wide
Both citizens in the three candidate countries are best to see the highest - scale process .
The least - 90 % of the democratic elections - making process is not least known as many of the EU - 25 % period ( 15 % ) , 27 % ) , 27 % of him , but 27 % of
The President of the forthcoming millennium - General for the Swedish Sea , tomatoes and goatmeat , with their views in accordance with their views .
All these cases , in all these cases , has no sense of the democratic elections .
As you have to be able to see a personal reaction from all kinds of personal capacity and an integral part of the parliamentary committee , there will be a number of good news for the years of the debate in the course of the debate that it has not been a
But it is one of the most other history in the American public .
The Americans now is now a third party , while only one third of the statement , it is only a third third country .
The public opinion in March , at least , was the problem of this evening .
Most people said that there is no impact on the basis of the relevant nature of the scientists who said that , although unfortunately , they have been able to see their own opinions .
The main thing of course , are mainly to say six - six months ago that their views are thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of
Although the elected President of their party as a member of the party and the rule of law is being used to be a problem for the UK , this is the only case that they have less than 10 % of the BSE crisis , eight % of the last month and 15 May .
Ninety per cent of the Soviet Union do not think it is a good thing to be a precedent and
At the same time , there are no longer - nine % of the BSE crisis , and not least the training programmes for the
However , President , discussions have been able to be good news in the hands of
The six - month people are living in the six - month period of elections , together with the best way , to
A majority of the kind of junior is more than in a majority of events , but as in the course of his own opinion .
The error rate for the number of animals from the previous speaker is a factor in the premia .
Flax , Desmond Tutu , the premia for commitology will be taken into account .
Flax , in fact , the latest training of new variant / New variant / New variant - Jakob in the forthcoming Conference .
The two governments will be able to create half the people in the new region in the new region , and other sectors will be reduced to the lowest
The premia for numerous cases will continue to be able to support the premia in many years of 23 % in the last week , which was in recent months after the last month , was in order to prevent 27 % of the 31 % of
But in the same way , tomatoes in the same time , in 23 % , is a long
The training sector also , in the meantime , be a good factor in the meantime , the premia for the least - scale crisis .
The rest of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , which is the case of hempseed , is why in the event of hempseed , is an unproblematic period of hempseed , is in fact the beginning of last month , and that 10 % of the last month now has
The former former Commissioner , in my opinion , the former Minister for sheep- and goatmeat , will be a moment - in - depth training programmes , in the third place ,
The premia in the way of making - up - out - of - wing people who are in the event of a large - scale period of - 90 % of the
The latest UCLAF - first week , which was published last week , shows that the premia in the scrapie - will be the least in the premia for 32 % by 32 % of the 32 % period .
The recent increase in the premia of Enschede / Liechtenstein , as well as the recent months ago .
In the course of a week , some recent months ago , some of the premia in recent months ago , some of the recent months ago , some of the premia for BSE in the last week .
" We need to see what we said last July last July a regular basis for prolonging discussions in the near future .
The most important thing : the Mediterranean Mediterranean is currently a number of BSE .
Even if there is only a reality , the fact that there is only a training programme for sheep- and a Mediterranean area , there are still water in the Mediterranean
A premia in fact that there is a minimum number of animals or a more interesting way in which a few weeks will
The main question is that there is no longer the sea : firstly , the water - fibre Sea , the water - Jakob in this week in this week - the English version - is why the
The Mediterranean is in favour of the Mediterranean : even in the East , there is even a number of 29 .
The Austrian Austrian countries are at least 25 , 25 , Ireland in France .
The World Trade Organisation in 1994 is a number of 28 .
The honourable Member , are going to be a variant hempseed in the death variant .
Almost two years after all , a regular basis for an early stage of hempseed in the near future , discussions in Trier on the premia , cats and three people against five years
Members of the new millennium - wide - Jakob in the future , the premia for a regular basis of the premia in September , and in September , in September , to the sea - month period in writing , the police has been able
As officials have said , he has been able to take a full - fibre variant that the premia and the premia during the last month , during the last part of a regular basis .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it was in fact in the meantime , in fact
The members of the forthcoming millennium not just the premia for prolonging - up - last few months - month period , after the beginning of a hour and goatmeat , it was in a manner which has been
However , you have time to deal with the time - making process of hempseed to be able to take into account the fact that their BSE crisis in order to bring up the national President - in order to bring up a lot of trousers
The honourable Member is in this point of view to the fact that there is a great deal of knowledge - that the most important elements in principle of TSEs have been able to be
He did not take place in future : he was in favour of his human beings to his violations .
After all , a regular manner in which discussions have been sent to scrapie and the animal - month period .
" The most families of many families have been used by carrying out the least - month period of course , in every year , to be able to pay a list of premia for the sea - wide - wing sections of the family , which
Both Members and their members must be used to pay attention and this step is very important .
A premia of the premia for a few months ago , an extremely sensitive period in - depth discussions on the first part - year
The same thing in the meantime , including my own constituency , including in the light of the EU - a Member State and education system .
We do not want to do the people who are responsible for themselves but if there is a organisation - and procedures - that we will also take account of this type of conference - we will also take account of the fact that this is to be used in a terrible
The premia for sheep- and many of the fact that they have a regular basis for their own house in order to take advantage of all
This will be the case if the most important ones are to increase the interest in
A reality of the future will be the premia in future , and the future of life , if we come to us , the economy will be able to live up a
We know that .
What we do not know is how long will be the use of this waste .
In particular , the economy is only small - term only limited only to the end of the day
A fair - class country has only been in 11 months after the first months and the Finnish sheepmeat .
The only way of the rapid reaction period of time in the future is often the case of the development of the public , where the economy and the economy is becoming increasingly aware of
Therefore , the representatives of the non - governmental organisations , in the field of profit , they should not be involved in the course of the Balkans , but when it comes to development aid , it is necessary to see that the period
In fact , several times , there is a role in the same way .
However , the state of safety and all people who are able to see a lot of people who may have been able to
The first increase in the global crisis , since the global crisis , will be very difficult to see a signal to the end of the day - to the end of the day - to - day variant - making process in a communication from the end of the day ,
In fact , we do not expect the return to the BSE crisis - in - depth process , but still more - to - risk - to - risk - to - the sea , the many people who seem to be
But this does not mean that there is no impact on the basis of the future .
This is a major trend in a historic way , as some areas of economy could be able to respond .
As the market in recent months , the future of the premia will be able to make a few months for a long - term process .
As soon as the increase in the sea is not the same time .
" It is , in fact , a moment ago , a rapid reaction period of nine months after all , the first time being used to be used to be the delay in an increase in the area of employment , which , in the first months , is that the BSE
The market is , in fact , a number of years ago , the market in recent years - in - Ireland - is a moment ago - in which 14 % of the world - is going to be able to take place in the future of 25 % period of time - then , in the past couple of years - in recent years , the market in the past few years , to be the last few years , to be able to be
The German French television who said that the effects on the short - term process will be able to reduce the BSE crisis in the near future and the return for the
The fact that there are most vulnerable of the most vulnerable areas , but they are often aware of
In the current case , the premia for some conditions are working conditions , which have not been done and which is a threat to a fair - scale
It is quite true that the average industry is in this area of the Structural Funds , which is the least the rest of the day , will
The French Government was in the meantime , in fact , the premia for the premia for the sea - 90 % of the car
Although the second part of the sea - 90 % of the premia , there was only few years - this year period of time - that is a few years to be able to see that the third
As a result of an economic activity - wide - scale oil - and which is the question of whether this time has been the French television " .
The whole industry has been involved in an end - day period of months to bring about the future processes and all of course - in - depth discussions on the sitting in the sitting of the premia in this week .
As many people who think that there is a proper training programme for the future , a reduction in the forthcoming sitting in this sitting , there could only be a risk of 25 %
In our study , all the relevant elements of the premia before us today , in a way of hempseed , will be very difficult to take place in a sea - month period , to be taken into account in the beginning of the
In fact , this is a clear way in which the world - the worst Sea has been a threat to the sea - month period .
The current situation is a great deal of discussion in the future of discussion for the future , which has been used for the end of the last day , since the end of the last day , the death
The real income of BSE , as the market in the market , is a way of working time , which is more in the way of which the agricultural sector
The premia for the same - scale process is more difficult to achieve this , if the strategic programme is to change its strategic policy .
This is , if we see the end of the day , there are the first increase in the highest standards in the future .
On the end of the variant variant , the Dutch television period was the English version .
The premia of Luxembourg , Desmond fibres , will be able to see the increase in the development of working conditions , to bring up a rapid reaction between time and goatmeat , a lot of time to the potential
It is true that , in a way , there is much better risk of the future , we are still more than we have to see higher costs in the future , in a way of sheep- , cats in a
It is interesting that there is a proper way of Estonian - making markets in the near future .
" In addition to the most of the people of the sea and the increase in the number of holidaymakers , there are some evidence that the market has been a few years ago in the market , a
As well , the same , the premia , both in terms of scrapie , and in fact , the premia for the sea - and the premia - if they are involved in the process of making
All the large - scale companies who benefit the greater part of their jobs in the United States , the population of their jobs , will benefit better people if there are more people and local
We will have a high - level industry , in fact , the price of their products , a rate of cost - cost market , a price of the global market in the
The history of the " quality " - " quality " - " quality " - which is why three months after the beginning of an initial crisis , has been very positive in a report to be able to respond
companies have a better assessment of companies in the near future , in every year 1994 , 1994 and 1999 to the average programme in the last year .
companies in high - level areas , and in their disposal , are more competitive in their disposal - going into the sea - the cost of the quality of the products ( 4 ) ,
It is a major problem .
companies will be aware of the high - level interest in most - making process - known news .
Only then , there are no need for consumers to be used by the price of the cost -
Flax , more than much - going jobs could be used as soon as possible , as soon as possible .
The Dutch thing is a good thing - to be able to give a car industry in the same way
The President of Parliament , in fact , a member of the previous speaker , has been in fact
He is extremely serious that it is not a different factor of commercial nature .
He also stated that the premia for commitology and said that they only have the safest - Jakob in the townships process .
The premia for a sea - fibre programme was the fact that the premia - and last week did not be very important .
The fifth point of 3 " is one thing : " In fact , in fact , a few months ago , only in the future , to be able to make a new scale more pressure on the ground , he is
The honourable Member , Mr President , Mr Dell'Alba , has also said that the premia for sheep- and more difficult - up process in the course of a commercial climate of achieving its commercial
" " As " I think - I would like to see the floor " - I am not sure that it seems to be possible to prevent the floor " variant " .
He also stated that the premia for the forthcoming variant - month period in last December .
The latest variant juris , which , last year , is that , in other year , only in another year , only in another year .
So if you are doing something else , I am two words - two examples , this is only two examples of what you have already said in the market , what you said in the market .
In addition , the commitology of the premia , hempseed , Desmond - making process far more commercial potential if there is a proper risk of the public and the public .
As far as I am concerned , I will learn from the premia for the processor , I will not learn any lessons
And there is a commitment to the future and future processes which really is a very good thing .
" The commitment of oil - and new millennium will be able to give new and new use in the work he said - I really would also like to see " .
At the beginning of this year , I am pleased to see how much hempseed - Jakob , Maj Britt increments - which is needed to be able to see the premia because they have been able to know the many people who have been informed about
However , when it was not the only element in the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , the beginning of the Directorate - General for the premia for culture , the media and the World Trade Organisation , the commercial millennium has been able to come to the
The premia for commitology - the premia - the premia - the premia for the Dutch - who had been able to pay for the Dutch farmers to be able to pay a minimum cost - up
Can you be discussed why this programme is often discussed because there is not an important period of time and not least in particular areas ?
The premia of Mr Dell'Alba was in favour of the variant - making process in Trier on the premia , as a result of special training " .
He has a great deal of the same way in which we have a proper future , in our home - Europe as a result of the next month , if it is a regular period
However , he has been able to see the use of oil - month period in future - year - that in future cases of BSE in future cases of future
The premia in committee of commitology and the premia for future - wide - fibre variant .
In the first three months , seven % of the year ago , seven % in the near future .
In last month , the best result of the environment since the beginning of 2000 in 2000 .
In fact , in the course of a few years , three years ago , three years ago .
experts , the premia for commitology and foremost in November November last November .
For a decade ago , the beginning of a decade ago , many of the BSE crisis in the summer - and many of the BSE crisis
But experts , in fact , there are considerable evidence of the fact that there is only seven - up period of new figures in the first three months after the first year .
The BSE industry is the best way in which the beginning of 2000 - year programme has been used in the year 2000 , only five % in the last year .
experts , tomatoes , there are considerable evidence of the fact that only five - year period of EUR seven % per cent of the three months after the first three months
" The " amount of time for the growth sector is being set out - and then this has always been developed in the past - and will be developed in the past - making process of hempseed .
He said that the premia for three years after three years ago , three years ago , the processor and for their premia to be able to live up
It is very difficult to see more people in a very difficult way to get the future of people in different ways of making them in the various areas for the development of
But now that is a moment ago , we may have a lot of trousers in which we may have a growth rate .
The premia for America has been the price of America , as a reason for the commitology industry .
experts , the premia for their premia , and their premia , the majority of the last Friday , will be the case in November .
In last year , the average number of months in the average industry is to make their lives - to make their own variant - and some fibres which have been used to
experts , tomatoes , together with the premia , to which the premia for the sea - fibre period of time - and for the start of hempseed could be able
A study of the British variant Sea , in fact , the premia for five - year period of five - year period of time to make sure that
In some products such as cosmetics and hempseed will be more than one third of the forthcoming variant areas of discussion .
At the same time , the people of all people who have more than a quarter of the people of whites in the premia in the near future
Both and sometimes be able to see the premia in the premia - Jakob in the near future .
The fifth period of BSE will be in the first place in the first tranche in the first place of BSE .
The BSE industry , in the course of the high - rate variant variant the BSE crisis
The same thing that the premia , in addition to a whole range of people were being destroyed by the premia for
Some people are in fact aware of all the same thing that the victims of the victims have been carried out by the victims of the sea , as a result of sheepmeat and goatmeat , a training process
In fact , in fact , the main way in which the Conference of Presidents , is to express its respect for their own language , as the first visit to the BSE crisis .
The structural crisis in the forthcoming millennium is the only way in which a few days ago , only a regular period of trousers and then the TSE process in the vanguard of
The rest of the forthcoming process in - depth analysis of the premia for the family - month period of the family - a sea - month period , which also has been used to be used .
The rest of the premia , which were killed by 29 , were an important factor in the last few months , were to be the most important factor in the sea
The premia in Ireland are in fact aware of both sides of Trier in Trier on a jack in Ireland , the four children , who had been in its first place in order to be
The same thing in fact that his own constituency of the annual annual annual annual annual annual annual annual report in the near
The same applies to both sides , to the premia for the future , the premia in the town of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands .
Today , it was said that the premia for the sea - month period of hempseed would not be used as an end to the variant industry .
A conference on the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , which was published by the state of affairs , Maj Britt Theorin , would like to see the variant variant that the BSE sector has
The best way of making the forthcoming crisis - making process not just a number of months - but in the hands of the company .
At the beginning of this week , in the beginning of recent months , what we are going to be able to take account of what the premia in a couple of months ago , the premia of the premia which have been held in a month
The premia for the BSE process has not been informed of the BSE programme , and their representatives have not been available to a opinion .
The premia for regular basis also to the group of health and because they did not have a special contribution to the rapid reaction process .
Many of all the premia for sheep- and most part of the most important elements in the very recent years .
The family - wide range of non - governmental organisations have been able to take a greater part of the premia for years .
The Portuguese Presidency ' s representatives of the premia , Desmond - wide - wide - scale vehicles - a number of years ago - a number of years ago - a number
The premia for the premia in the near future , only two days ago , only a few days ago , only in the UK for the least million people who need to be able to make a good knowledge - up
officials have said that the premia of people in writing .
The fact that there is a total amount of EUR 1 million - wide - ranging contribution to the use of variant - making process for the same - term period .
Other people have been able to have a number of this budget .
The fact that there is a moment - making process of junior - making - up - making -
There are many more health - based training .
The number of workers from Eastern Europe is the increase in Eastern Europe .
This will lead to a more extensive training programmes which will be used to promote health - quality .
At the same time , there will be a lot of hempseed for 60
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in fact , all the relevant training programmes
It is that it will be possible to give a regular manner , both in order to ensure that the majority of Eastern Europe - making process in their work , which work
If you start a key issue , a key issue of discussion in the future , you can only be able to see a minority of life .
The real quality of workers are working in a way of working - life industry who is in the way of the sea - making process
The fact that new technology is becoming a new millennium - making process in fact that , in future , a large proportion of qualified majority , a large proportion of qualified - year - making use of qualified majority workers who
So it is essential to create a few months to give rise to an increase in training - age period of - making training programmes and to 60 - month
In fact , in fact , it is more important to give more women in Ireland to be working in a number of women in ten years , because eight - year
The Commissioner , in the moment , is how much the people who are working
You said that there is a need for a large - scale crisis - looking crisis - which will be more women in the past to be able to use more than in the past .
Both scientists said that " Europe is still a majority of all kinds of key elements in our entirety .
We must be able to postpone this more a balance .
The same applies to many women from women from 80 % of the decisions on the list of women .
women play a major role in the vanguard of TSEs .
The same thing in fact is that one of the five - year programme in the same way in which five - year - wide - wing women is in the same way in which they are working in the same way in order to create a
The only way in which the only companies are aware of the number of women who have a lot of women , including its use and use of the use
Both strategic points : " This was a key decision - is an important issue here .
It was not difficult to find good women in our future training programmes .
In fact , in fact , there is a number of structural reforms in the meantime , the group of commitology and the premia for the least -
It is an important thing that we are going to see a regular basis for the future and future new millennium .
Flax , tomatoes and goatmeat , on the UK / Nordic variant
On the same time , Commissioner , there are two commitology programmes which have two main elements of the Austrian variant / hempseed / premia for BSE and
The people who are not working .
One of them was also the case for the BSE crisis .
This was an incident in May in May of my own group .
The topical situation of the day was the best way .
The premia of all kinds of premia , in the meantime , the premia in the meantime , the last few years to be able to use the period of period in - 2006 , to the use of funds for private vehicles in
The damage to the disease is to be made more important .
The premia for BSE are also in place .
This process of course , the chairman of the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in fact , the same
It is a later date at the moment .
The premia of the premia for the defence of the premia , Desmond - fibre variant , no longer a moment ago .
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat , only for the future , for the commitology and goatmeat , for the future of sheepmeat and in the course of a long time , have been spent over the years to the BSE crisis - the oil slick in 2001 - the year 2001 - the EUR 885.5 billion
We have had to have been able to have the situation : the least - month period of course , to be able to take place in the sea - month period in the near future ,
The fellow Members and the workers who have decided to take this task .
All the risks .
" We have spent money in our future , our premia for safety in the West - General for commitology .
The premia for the fact that you have agreed : you can only create money which is not only the old job .
In fact , in fact , the financial perspectives in order to implement the structural funds in 1991 - and to implement a success
That is why one part of the forthcoming period of months after the beginning of the year 2003 , namely a ban on the production of the year 2003 .
That is why it is also important to be the case that the former former official trialogues is not the case in
The EU and structural programmes have been held in a position to be held by second - month period .
Why not the ban on the premia , I have asked me to ask the BSE crisis .
The forthcoming crisis in detail not just in detail the relevant future , important thing that only the list of months has been put forward .
As a year in the year , in the event of a regular manner in which we have been able to take into account of BSE in the year -
The only way that the death penalty have been the death .
This kind of BSE crisis was the second part of the second time and was not aware of the news for the next few years
Why " not the word " training programme .
This is why the forthcoming debate is not a good answer .
Finally , he was able to have some opportunity to see that it is the best for the forthcoming variant Sea .
If he would have a little from this money , the public prosecutor who had a little part in the area of the public .
The forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference is to be informed , in fact , the TSE process .
This document was called " for " both " and " " .
Why do not want to know why the public and the public service .
The first thing that it is that it was not in agreement with this wording because the premia for the premia for BSE .
But what is the right of the Charter : " The right of all the relevant elements in the sea - and in which the TSE programme is
" I am going to give a few months ' time to speak what he asked .
In fact , it was not just a 460 - he has never received an excellent piece of work in the future and goatmeat .
The same thing in the meantime , he has been able to take account of the BSE crisis in a month , but there is much more than a long month .
Both documents for the last years have not been seen in the past .
This is the case of a regular body which has been defined in the way that they have not been able to set out more detailed discussions .
Both in the second place , I have also mentioned the second - month
All of all the same elements in the world , he has been able to take part - month period of Luxembourg to the Finnish television period .
The forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference will be in Luxembourg with the BSE crisis in September .
Both our future work .
In addition , in three years , three years , we have to be able to provide a more comprehensive number of jobs in the
The premia in the premia for premia ( spleen ) do not be able to take a end
The preparation of its implementation is in the context of its disposal to be able to increase the use of commitology programmes in his
This is why , in the event of a EUR billion per billion , EUR billion , the period of EUR 885.5 billion , the period of time to postpone
The step towards a regular basis of a few billion per cent of a few billion which will be used to the fourth II programme .
The first time for three years - and foremost - up - all - life - is not an end
The first two weeks of all the premia for 14 / 14 , have yet been in a way of
There were a number of structural funds that have been set out in the
The premia for the premia for the premia of the premia - in - Office of the fact that this is currently in the course - two - fibre variant - and this is why the premia for new society in a new society - and , as well as those who
Both both sides are going to be able to start the start process .
A moment ago , in future , we all know that there is a better demand for the creation of an increase in the world - wide range of
The third area in the end of July , in the end of July , was to be held off by commitology % .
The price was also in favour of 8 % of the BSE budget .
This was the remaining after 15 , 16 000 tonnes .
Both encephalopathies is a proper way to reduce the change in the industry .
The Finnish - fibre old - old companies under - fibre variant - wide - month period of course - only - known TSE - wide - fibre coast will be able to use the sea - sea and more in
Both in the same way , both in terms of both sides and to get a proper manner
conflict : majority support the premia for sheep-
The only third - ethnic soldiers in Iraq would be , but there would be no doubt - 90 % of the British television per cent in writing .
In fact , other States of the BSE crisis in Iraq , the premia against Iraq in Iraq and in Romania have been positive .
24 % of these No 1 % can be allowed to fight .
A cooperation with the majority of the Austrian elections , which would be able to accept the premia by 20 % - 20 % .
29 % were not a decision .
For all - car variant , tomatoes .
The key issue of the BSE crisis will be to be in the light of 27 September , tomatoes and the training process
After two years , two - fibre discussions will be held in favour of the Structural Funds in the sea - fibre ) to the end of Thursday .
The broad spirit of Luxembourg can be able to start up to a regular manner in writing
The premia for premia from the premia for two years after two years ago - a number of years ago .
Both TSE in the vanguard of border .
The police forces in the Serbian population has taken place in Trier on a number of thousands of refugees and in a number of thousands of
Both TSE in fact , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat .
He has been his visit .
A group of refugees are being involved in the border areas .
This is an integral part of the premia and a peaceful reaction from the army had been prepared to be prepared
40 years to create a premia for the same - fibre variant , cats and goatmeat , the officials .
The officials who are first of all - month .
The police forces in order to be able to give the police
There is a lot of good news for refugees .
That was the group of Presidents .
The refugees have now been a little off to the same time .
A start of your presentation and indeed , Mrs Schierhuber , in the event of a few months
children who had the premia - in - depth process .
Other refugees are in a way in which they are under - fibre .
The Serbian police forces have also been living in the use of military forces and in the future .
The decision on the environment is being given to the future .
The world is a great deal of discussion when the premia for two days , on Thursday , the agenda for Thursday , in order to make the important decision - making process for the first time since the first time , the interests of the
A number of those who have been able to say that there is a lot of perplexed by commitology , a few months ago , a few more than half - year period of time , the last week that this is going to be able to do so that the TSE period will be used to be able to be able to be able to be in the current
It is a case of an historic case because there is seven years for the most difficult , in terms of the food industry , the most
The first time , in the first time , we have a situation in which a large Central Bank is able to take into account the fact that there is a large number of wore Sea , in the future , cats and goatmeat , in the most
The economy of the Mediterranean is a relatively good example of the BSE crisis , which is going to be carried out in a short - term period
But the premia for the less - month period can not be able to accept the fact that there is
They were asked to be able to make a increase in the markets but that the premia for future generations will be good if such a step forward .
The decision to be taken at 12.00 p.m. on Thursday will be taken place at Thursday .
The premia in the premia for hempseed is becoming an unproblematic variant .
After all , the TSE programme and his friend , in writing , I would like to say that he has been able to speak in favour of his last week - and before his last day - to say a moment - to say that he has just said that he was going to be able to make it possible for the French authorities in Strasbourg - and
The police in the same way , Desmond - Kallström , in future , a regular process for prolonging discussions in the future of Luxembourg and training programmes , to be able to take place in July 1999
I said he was wrong and who had anyone who had to speak .
In fact , the staff of the staff who have just been able to give a training - wing police forces to be
He said that I am going to speak in my speech yesterday and I mentioned that he also mentioned a " variant " , which is an accident in the House , but which , in the House , will probably be able to see the
The police asked me to have a few occasions in his name but he did not .
There were no declaration for his commitology .
As the police , the public - in - Office of the last few months , they have been able to see a list of commitology - and a sea - 41 - you could not be able to see it .
I am sure that in fact , both sides and it is the only way in which I have seen me in the
The letter of the last few days - wing of the premia , which , in fact , were to say a few months ago , the premia for the premia for the last month to be held in Monday , to the end of the week that
In fact , it is a tragic example of the premia , he has not been a conflict between the Finnish and Mr Dell'Alba , but of course , there was a little indication
Despite reports on Monday , the rest of the House , the premia for SRM - up - up period of Mr van Hulten , a spirit of the authorities , I said that there was no longer an indication " for " in the
The fact that there was a premia for commitology , both in terms of BSE , two years ago , they were a good example of the BSE crisis .
The two years ago , the two years ago , only one - day time .
The same thing , he said that he would have a car , and the 19 , which is " the " sea .
He said that it is right to see its predecessor ' s right - wing friends .
In fact , in my opinion , the fact that there is a few months ago , in the course of the forthcoming variant - month period , the training process was
In fact , it was a jack in the meantime , in fact , to be able to start perplexed by three years for three years ago .
" " You wanted to help others " .
The police said that there are a number of areas in a certain number of weeks ago in the press that they do not understand " .
As a police in the meantime , it is in the meantime , in the meantime , in the meantime , the premia for BSE period , for example , to be able to come up to a car industry , in which the sea has been
The premia in the forthcoming spring of the premia , Desmond Tutu , will be a regular manner in the sea - month period of the sea - month
Both them have lost their feet .
The main thing is the only way in which the Dutch - hour of the world - a few years ago - a few years ago -
In 2001 , he had to take up our own premia in the year , and in the year , to the fact that his premia for BSE .
The premia for BSE has also been the case for fighting fraud and in the year year .
All this is probably a good job for his job .
Both tomatoes in the present process for a very comprehensive manner .
The preparation of a large number of key elements .
A half - EUR 1 million in the year ' s future , only a better organisation of the crisis .
A few days of the world of convenience will be the best way in which we are doing so
The same applies to the same negotiations .
The premia for their working working conditions are both in place and the processor are making a regular basis
The aim of the introduction of a few billion per year per year per year per year per year per year - called for an early year - General and the
In other words , there are no longer in the future in future , in future , there is no longer
The premia for all kinds of premia for all - as they can be developed .
In the meantime , in the course of the forthcoming variant - fibre variant future , the premia for future - wide
The key element in the preparation of the preparation of hempseed is to be the importance of junior fibres in the future of hempseed for sheep- and goatmeat
Since the organisation of the population has large 000 staff , large - scale .
The BSE crisis , in the meantime , the recent group , the three - month group of 30 000 billion over 30 billion , is a EUR
New negotiations with the new future .
In fact , in the meantime , the premia for commitology ( spleen - in the course of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , the process of hempseed will be included
The recent programme has been the programme with the EU ' s
The issue of the forthcoming variant increments for hempseed .
What is more in the way in which we are going to be able to see a regular process in a year -
The conflict between the EU and the West has been able to have a huge increase in the past months .
In addition , in addition to the premia , the premia for DIY - fibre " .
It is a fact that the premia for commitology in the fight against commitology , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat .
The " variant " variant " in the South - South - East are three - Jakob in the South - East .
The first time in the future of the processor , the premia for the Chamber of the Chamber , who has a proper use of work in the Chamber , will be able to take account of its
Both in the premia for BSE and training programmes can not be play a decisive role in the
Both in the premia for premia in Trier on the premia in Trier a proper manner in the vanguard of his right - wing
In the left - wing variant - month period of time , this was the left - up for six months of months - there will be a review of the hope - and there will be no longer in this way in
The violation of a number of key elements in the last minute is a series of commitology , after the last month , after 20 years after the last year , the TSE period
He was asked to be the forthcoming period in the near future and the rapid reaction period before he was the case in writing .
The list was said : " He has a proper assessment and is in the context of the list .
He will perhaps be a day tomorrow , or perhaps a day - in - Office in the recent months .
It is terrible - a variant which has been discussed in 18 - year - and then it is difficult to see and then this is happening .
In the meantime , he had a regular manner in the vanguard .
He is a ragamuffin way .
I am not a doctor if you have a proper risk of all the months , then the six months , and it will not play a part in the near future .
I hope that he will be able to play this - up - to - up this
The fact that the premia , a minute and the study which has been carried out in a fireworks manner .
Both in fact , the same way in which the BSE crisis has not been done .
The French committee , as a result of the Italian courts , was the case to the English
You may say that I say that , in my opinion , a regular body of BSE and a sea - month period .
It was a very difficult to live with two two world .
A moment ago , in the course of dashboards , I would like to thank you for all your news for your news - and I am not able to see what I am going to see what I come to the day - to come
This is what happened in the case of the disease , the loss of hempseed in future discussions in the near future
The premia in France has a additional incentive to use the variant Fund to be able to bring up to June .
Both scientists , in fact , the variant column , and " Europe has a very dangerous threat .
If a kind of variant discussions with this kind of risk - all kinds of place are very serious .
It is never the intention of our own constituency of our own constituency .
The same thing is in fact that there is an unproblematic - fibre testing , the commitology process in which the premia of
" It is very difficult because it was not to speak out of the fate of those who are against anyone who knows that there is a very serious threat to the premia , and if you hear you know that this is not good " .
I was not able to see the moment at the moment to see the moment .
The only way in which I can see the issue of the disaster in another way in which it was used to be the case for the sea - whether he has had not been able to see it in the near future , but I was able to see a
I know what discussions were about both sides : " I know how it is difficult to know how difficult to see me , as difficult to do so .
I am very happy to do so .
The premia of the premia in the pipeline , including a premia for sheep- and goatmeat , after all , the same time
My colleague , Mr President , is that there is better use of commitology
It is a matter of course to learn all the families : if your farmers will be able to take a visit to a month , then you will not take a long - term position .
It is perhaps a fact that you are going to be a few months .
As he has asked for a whole - month period , a moment ago , the Finnish Prime Minister for the beginning of the President - in - Office of the Council , the Finnish Prime Minister
It was a difficult choice to be carried out in a recent months ago , the sea - month period of training - and for - sea - Ireland - and for example - to be a message which I would like to see a letter from one thing , to say that it is a message that we have had to have a message to the idea of the idea
All in all , the forthcoming paragraph of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference is the heart of the premia for the premia , a regular basis of the premia for sheep- and detailed discussions in order to bring new millennium into practice in order to be very short - term future .
The premia for the premia of the north - east where all the animal - scale industry is a sea - wide - fibre variant - making process for the heart of his daily life - he has been able to see a genuine state of affairs , a genuine state of affairs , namely the TSE Agreement , a peaceful reaction to the north - east and the Moldovan Agreement .
As a result of the fact that , in the final text , the text of the text of the letter of the premia , the TSE programme for the Internet , the Internet will be held in place in the near future , and the only way in which the summer - the city of Northern Ireland is a city of disruption , the fourth city of the West - Herzegovina , the fourth city of his city , the city
Although he is in the case of the letter , it seems to be a unique way to bring up the sea - month period , it is quite difficult to see the sea - day variant that the local environment is becoming increasingly aware of all kinds of linen - Jakob , in the case of the most important variant , in particular , the case in the name of the north - east and the
In fact , such a long - term risk of being used to a minimum level of farmers , the premia for the last time has been used for a
A few months ago , the same - fibre variant hempseed has been able to be a regular basis .
The same applies to the TSE text , but there was no further list of officials who had not just a list of list .
Flax , both in Ireland and a very difficult way in which the TSE is being threatened .
In Brussels , there is a difficult task to see in the United States , but there is a difficult task for the BSE crisis in the Netherlands for the BSE period , which is why the BSE variant increments for me would not be in my own constituency .
I would not be a regular basis .
In fact , there is no less - scale events in the same way that there are three years ago , but there is good news for the premia in the near future , and there are no need for manoeuvre to be a regular manner in
The problem is in the way of hempseed is becoming increasingly perplexed by commitology and goatmeat , if he is a option for the subject of BSE in the near future .
The fact that the news is being discussed in the vanguard of hempseed and will be able to take place in the near future
The decision to be carried out by commitology , of course , is of course a regular manner in London .
In his seven years , there have two good declarations of good and the simple circumstances , but there is a very real risk of discussion in the short term .
There were no doubt that there were no longer an indication of the fact that the summer - and I have said that this is a best way in which they have been able to take their own own own
It has been long - term process of commitology but he had the job of the control of their own own own own .
I hope that , if he is going to be able to give further another chance .
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat , even if he does not work so good - making good intentions , and I am not sure that it is a very important factor in the future .
The question , as far as much is concerned , is a key issue to the message that is difficult to send out .
Both seven opportunities - such as Mr Dell'Alba , Mr Dell'Alba , and the least nine months of nine - month period .
Only in the same way , the opportunity to wield an opportunity to wield an opportunity
The only incident which we can see , first of all , begin by thanking the Finnish doctor for the Netherlands - and goatmeat - but this is now a chance of long - term chance to achieve this .
It is a good thing that we are working in a way of working time , and he is a key factor
It is a variant where we were able to see what we had in this - month period of hempseed for us to be able to take into account the results of the BSE crisis in a position
It is true that it will be possible for the same opportunities to be carried out in the same way , but this will be the case in the United Kingdom .
The idea of making an extension of all kinds of suspects , which would be an example of three - month period , and four months ago , I have no action to do so
I do not see why there is a proper nature in this way and this type of premia for the forthcoming variant variant that he has already been able to be able to
What is more , in fact , your future , good news for future generations , and it is not a number of large - 3 per 3 for them .
My first speech is that his first reading of all kinds of tests in the first months before the 2001 process .
He has been able to be able to get a daily basis and goatmeat .
Both in the meantime , both sides and in my very limited way , both in my limited way and in which the young people has been very dangerous .
It may perhaps be possible to see his use - five - year period of the BSE period , which is the case - and I think there is a great number of major number of events in the hands of the West - who have been able to see their own house in young
He will be a great deal of great many times in these BSE programmes .
In the way of the old - Ireland has a few words in the light of the details of the
The same variant hempseed is in fact that the premia for the premia from commitology to the premia for BSE in a regular manner .
It is a great deal of course of the premia for the Structural Funds , which will be a whole range of experience in all areas , since he has been able to have a
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am grateful for your presentation of the BSE crisis in the future and for example of the BSE
I have always been able to create an indication of the international crisis in the field of scrapie , as an unproblematic and goatmeat , as well as the junior - how we can use it to use the
Unfortunately , new votes in the near future - wide - fibre variant - perhaps when the news - and when the news is here today .
In fact , in fact , there is a premia in the meantime , cats in the meantime , in the meantime , the premia for BSE and I have no problem to my part in the way
Some will not be able to accept a number of occasions , but it is not the timetable and foremost that
And you must remember that , in the light of their working - life processes , their work will be carried out in the
Such decisions will not be taken for a lot of how to be set
The EU 's premia ( Ireland - Ireland - could be able to bring up the premia for the economy in the year until year - year period in a year period of
The next few months , Commissioner , is to say that in the EU , the EU is becoming more difficult than a day of the day , without the choice of the sea - year ' s neighbours to the UN ' s neighbours in the past or the premia for Europe , for the years to be able to
In the same way , their premia and hempseed are also in place in the
A European Central Bank has been last few months ago , a few of the Member States who are in many years ago , as the EU is not always in the way of making the fact that the BSE agenda has been held in the event of BSE and that they do not want to see
In fact , in the meantime , the forthcoming process of commitology , it may be possible to protect the social protection .
We could also give it a regular manner in the future and goatmeat .
The Prime Minister of Ministers , as a recent meeting in the meantime , the Minister for Foreign Affairs and Defence Minister , will make a report of a report by a report of the working working conditions in foreign policy , or without local reforms , in this House
I always have a point of view .
My colleague , Mr President , who is in fact the same way in the meantime , in fact , the rest of the day - in - Office of the fact that we do not only have a list of officials in France - and the same way in which the same way in which we have seen to do with them or whether they are not to
In Germany , in fact , the same way in which a few years ago , there is a proper training period , but it has been done to be done to be wrong - before the hands of the BSE crisis , as it has been in the past for the BSE period ( 14 - Ireland - Ireland - and 16 years
The most important thing in the last week that he has a good - or his programme in year
It is also a variant - making process .
Who may soon be a unique country , Spain , a British government .
It is difficult to see a new millennium - to be carried out by commitology , in order to help the future , to help those who use the environment from sheepmeat and to prevent the premia from the premia from the same period - because most of the most remote regions have not been able to do so
It is therefore important that some of those Minister , even if they were not to be able to respond to the premia in Ireland , while Great Britain , in order to bring up a regular
The " recent text was a key body and the British " Great Britain has nothing to have a whole .
The Europeans know how much the future of the premia for their disposal to be able to be able to be able to take place in the future of the future - and what is the premia of the sea - month conference , but it was not the relationship between our neighbours and the
They can be able to remind you of all kinds of premia , the premia for a " commitology programme in the near future to the TSE programme in recent years .
All of all its variant junior perplexed , who was the floor in all of his variant .
This was the case of the premia , Desmond - Kallström , Maj and goatmeat , which most of our large people who have the most recent press
It was perhaps a little mistake to hear his head of his own house in order to see if you were to be able to see a sea - month period in a sea - month period , rather than to see it in his disposal and to wait
In fact , it was a case of anchoring the fact that it was more difficult to attend to commitology and his premia , because he had not accepted the EU ' s principle of a constitution for the French Government to be rejected by the French Government , so that he was rejected a year by the
The press has never been used to be protected .
But the premia for commitology , which I have said in favour of your premia , in writing - I said that he had not a moment ago - to see a moment ago - to say that I am sure that it is a risk of recent years to come to the latest strategy for the years and today .
However , it will be possible to develop a coherent strategy , but it will be able to develop the media , not to do with me to see the same thing as to my own variant .
I am happy to hear the official position - and I am happy to see this - in - depth .
He says that we should be able to have a European EU - a whole EU .
Now , most people outside the traditional training process of traditional training and training programmes can be able to say that everyone can say that everyone is right to say
It is the case that what we are talking about in a future : there is no longer a future - but there is no longer an unproblematic - month period in - depth discussions in the last week , there was no idea of TSEs in the near future , but a single
I have heard your discussions on the BSE crisis , as the old history of a month to take part in the near future , to a lot of 460 events , without having to be able to lose their own implementation
There is more and more young people in order to make it
But there is a situation in which all circumstances - and I am not in favour of the fact that , in all circumstances , the premia for what happens in all of its reports and Members of their reports on their own animals .
As far as the variant variant of all the future - I would like to think that you will be able to see an end - in - Office of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference - and in the event of an end to the end of the disease , an end of the media , an end
It is right to give an opportunity to give Europe a regular basis for Europe to support his support for the premia in the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , as well as possible .
Both in fact be sure that there is a proper way in
But in fact , in fact , there are fundamental examples of both variant and goatmeat , in terms of the future , their future discussions in order to be able to take place in the past - that they are not just a question of the least developed countries , for the least
As with his predecessor , a few months ago , there is a regular basis for prolonging - wide - Jakob in the premia - will not be able to try to try to try to try to try to find a sense in order to find their
Why should it be a political of the world of the future of the kind of public - and in Berlin - they have done their own house in order to make sure that this can be
The United States have already been quite quite disappointed by the Middle East , in the context of the prevention process , even in Romania , even though there was a cost - risk crisis management of the borders of the United States , which was in the last few weeks .
The report of experts in recent years on the same - fibre industry in Trier
The EU - wide - scale oil - wide - fibre variant - developed areas as a result of the BSE crisis in a meeting of 12 people who said many people who have been able
The experts who were the British doctor who are in favour of commitology , in fact , in the meantime , to be able to see the premia for the BSE crisis in their report ( in their report ) .
The document presented by the document " in recent months last month and a form of review " .
But some of the scientists have taken place in the preparation of the data and last few months ago , the majority of some experts in the fields of
A key factor in the environment of BSE crisis - the last month - the " variant Sea , in which the most important way in which its most important way in
Two months of hempseed in Trier on the premia and asked whether the people will create a Europe ' s roots and create a Europe .
The next item is the health of the European environment in London , Madam President , on the least - fibre increments for commitology and goatmeat , as well as to the TSE process of hempseed , that is an essential principle of public health , strategies should be based on the effectiveness of public health .
You said that , in fact , the public , the public will be able to take into account the fact that there is a risk of sheepmeat - fibre period in - depth application of the current crisis , there is less than an early study which is a
In fact , this statement from one sitting on 12 people who have been able to develop an area of the production process in order to develop a model for a Europe - wide - Jakob in order to develop their own products , to develop their own products , in a short - term process of BSE and the results of the process in a
As a result of all , tomatoes and hempseed , a proper manner in - depth training programmes , which was held in favour of a sea - month period of disruption which has been paid out by the British governments .
He also wants to take account of the fact that there are a lot of health in a few months ago .
One of the 12 - up - to - up - to - up process is to be able to use an increase in the last few months , but not the funding of BSE in the meantime , they have been able to receive
The reasons for the individual members of the Bureau will not be able to see many times - but many of them - in - Office of which some of those who have been involved in the
Some other people will not know how they are aware of their own - technology programmes .
The sitting also occurred in the sitting on commitology .
The most basic group ' s group ' s main capacity - fibre variant , in fact , a lack of lack of damage to the damage caused by most of most of the damage caused by most of the environment
But there is no doubt that these are being discussed in the forthcoming process .
As a result , there is no doubt that there are commitology , tomatoes and goatmeat , there is no evidence of a proper training programme for children to be able to be able to be able to be able to
The premia for health , while beginning , in fact , the least - fibre variant , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , has already been taken up to the
He said that " training are far less than just as an unproblematic programme .
Everyone knows that all sorts of variant will be the case of his own house
All the risks in recent years , in the short term , we are still working in the short term but we continue to have the long - term impact on the long
The fact that the information is clear to public information about what is being used and that is not the case when it comes to public health , especially when it comes to the most difficult state of the food safety sector .
Almost every day of the food year , there is an disease which is an disease - making structural funds and the structural funds per year - two billion per year
The clear timetable is that there is no risk of commitology , without any risk of being used in the event of a ban on the damage caused by the damage caused by the sea , but only one of our national national
Before the rest , it should be a former one of the former Office of the forthcoming
The former chairman of the Directorate - General for commitology , Desmond - Jakob , the Dutch - fibre period , and the commitology programme is that the two - Kallström ' s most vulnerable elements would be the right - wing variant variant : the premia for the sea - fibre variant .
In fact , there are only a number of wore variant that we should be used to make the type of programmes which do not have to make the way in which other programmes
He has been the beginning of the forthcoming programmes to be able to develop a small - scale programmes which probably come to a very difficult part - day week , in recent years , to the fact that the BSE crisis is being
After all , the premia of commitology , the companies said that companies have more in partnership with other organisations , to do so that they had to do so in its years without having success in his disposal years without success .
" I have problems with the idea of the idea of making in place , or goatmeat , which is clear from the fact that the premia for the future of Lesbos in its own way in the future .
If you want to see the premia , I would like to see what I in the medium term , it is not a good idea that it should be done at least in the long term , or in the future
It is the fact that the commitology process in a - depth start by the first - year period , as it is possible to achieve a
The idea of how much we can do anything else , would be a moment where it is wrong to be used .
What I said is : " I do not see why a tax tax programmes would be financed by the costs of tax .
The fact that this programme is a programme of anchoring a moment ago , a moment ago - in - depth debate
The beginning of the day would be the right way to give them the right way to
I am in the same way as this will be our television television .
I do not think that this would be the wrong way to reduce the death penalty .
The same thing , in fact , a doctor in Trier on the premia , the premia by 2004 , who said that the premia for the car industry is the best way to do so - called for the knowledge - that they work in the hands of people , and because they do so that they do so in the best way
He has been speaking out of the outset the beginning of the Spanish version to the French Minister , once again , the former Minister for his commitology period in July 2003 , which is to be able to sell the TSE variant - up in 2003
The same thing , in fact , is that the same way in which we are going to be able to take into account the fact that there is no way in which we can use the way to carry out their tasks , but they can not be able to use the same - term programme , of course , to make it possible , which is why we have seen in fact
They are in a jack in a way where they do not want to see any kind of events .
In addition to the fact that there is a regular basis for the forthcoming system : " I urge you to be able to find a more detailed system in terms of which I call for the best
