Obama receives Netanyahu
The relationship between Obama and Netanyahu is not exactly friendly .
The two wanted to talk about the implementation of the international agreement and about Teheran 's destabilising activities in the Middle East .
The meeting was also planned to cover the conflict with the Palestinians and the disputed two state solution .
Relations between Obama and Netanyahu have been strained for years .
Washington criticises the continuous building of settlements in Israel and accuses Netanyahu of a lack of initiative in the peace process .
The relationship between the two has further deteriorated because of the deal that Obama negotiated on Iran 's atomic programme , .
In March , at the invitation of the Republicans , Netanyahu made a controversial speech to the US Congress , which was partly seen as an affront to Obama .
The speech had not been agreed with Obama , who had rejected a meeting with reference to the election that was at that time impending in Israel .
In 911 Call , Professor Admits to Shooting Girlfriend
In a 911 call , his voice only slightly shaky , college professor Shannon Lamb told police he had shot his girlfriend and officers needed to get over to their house .
Lamb made a point to say his " sweet dog " was there alive and probably upset , and said the dead woman 's family contacts could be found on her phone .
Inside the home , officers found Amy Prentiss ' body and a hand - written note scribbled on a white legal pad : " I am so very sorry I wish I could take it back I loved Amy and she is the only woman who ever loved me , " read the letter authorities say was signed by Lamb .
There was no indication that Lamb , who was teaching two online classes for Delta State University in Cleveland , Mississippi , had already traveled 300 miles to the school 's campus , where police believe he shot and killed a well - liked history professor , Ethan Schmidt , in the doorway to his office .
Delta State University police chief Lynn Buford said university officials heard about the shooting at 10:18 a.m.
He said Lamb made the fateful 911 call sometime after that .
By the end of the day , there would be one more death : Lamb took his own life as police closed in on him .
A day after the school shooting forced students and faculty to hide behind locked doors , authorities were still trying to piece together what motivated Lamb .
The details released by investigators at both ends of the state as well as students and staff who knew him helped paint a picture of a talented but possibly troubled teacher .
Students said they looked forward to his class .
Police in Gautier , where Prentiss died , said he had no history of violence or criminal record .
Schmidt himself had included Lamb in a book he wrote where he acknowledged the " wonderful people " he shared his academic life with .
Both taught in the Division of Social Sciences and History , which lists 17 faculty members , and many students took courses from both .
At the same time , there were some inclinations of problems .
A student who praised Lamb , Brandon Beavers , said he also seemed agitated and jittery , " like there was something wrong with him . "
Another student , Mikel Sykes , said Lamb told him he was dealing with stress at the end of the 2014 - 15 academic year .
Lamb had earlier asked Delta State University for a medical leave of absence , saying he had a health issue of some sort .
This year , he was only teaching two online classes .
Recent changes in the university 's hiring policies meant that the doctorate Lamb had worked so hard to earn would not guarantee him an automatic tenure track to become an assistant professor .
University President William LaForge said he did n't know of any conflict between Lamb and Schmidt but " obviously there was something in Mr. Lamb 's mind . "
Those are questions Lamb can no longer answer .
After fleeing the campus , police later picked up Lamb 's trail when he crossed back into Mississippi from Arkansas .
Before he could be apprehended , Lamb killed himself with a single .38 - caliber pistol in the backyard of a home about a mile south of his parents ' home on the outskirts of Greenville , Mississippi , said Washington County Coroner Methel Johnson .
His car was still running in the driveway .
It was not immediately clear why Lamb went to that home , though Johnson said she believes he knew the people who lived there .
Lamb grew up in the area .
Lamb started working at the university , which has 3,500 students in a city of about 12,000 , in 2009 and taught geography and education classes .
He received a doctorate in education in the spring .
One of Lamb 's longtime friends described him as smart , charismatic and funny .
Carla Hairston said she was 15 and Lamb was 20 when they met through mutual friends .
She and her friends were in high school , and he was the cool older guy who tried for several years to teach her to play guitar .
He was quite the heartthrob back then .
All the girls would melt when he was around , " said Hairston , now 40 and living in the Jackson suburb of Brandon .
Lamb and Prentiss had apparently been dating for some time .
In the 911 call , Lamb said " I killed my wife , " but there was no record of them ever marrying .
They had a dog named Lightning that lived with them at the brick house that backs up to a bayou in Gautier .
Police said the dog was OK .
Prentiss ' ex - husband , Shawn O'Steen , said they divorced 15 years ago but remained friends and had a daughter who 's now 19 .
" She was completely devastated , " O'Steen said of his daughter .
She and her mother were absolutely best friends .
O'Steen said he had not met Lamb but heard through his daughter Abigail that Lamb was interested in music and played the blues .
Lamb met Prentiss when he and Abigail both performed at a summer fair three years ago .
Later , they played together in the occasional gig .
O'Steen said his daughter writes and sings her own music .
Prentiss was a nurse who worked for various companies online .
Mike Shaffer , a bartender and sometimes entertainment coordinator at The Julep Room , a dimly lit bar near Gautier , said he last saw Lamb and Prentiss the night of Sept. 5 , after Lamb had finished playing his guitar and harmonica for a sparse crowd .
There was no sign of anything amiss .
" Just a happy couple , " he said .
We were cutting up and throwing one - liners at each other .
I mean , they both had a good sense of wit about them .
Schmidt , the slain professor , directed the first - year seminar program and specialized in Native American and colonial history , said Don Allan Mitchell , an English professor at the school .
He was married and had three young children .
He studied at Emporia State University in Kansas and was president of his fraternity and student government .
On the Delta State campus in Cleveland on Tuesday night , about 900 people , including faculty members , staff , students , and members of the community , attended a candlelight memorial .
Schmidt 's wife , Liz , and brother Jeff Schmidt also attended the vigil , during which the university choir sang " Bright Morning Star " and " Amazing Grace . "
Classes resume Wednesday .
" We 're trying to get our students to come back , " LaForge said .
The crisis is over .
This is a day of healing .
Amy and Rogelio Solis reported from Cleveland , Mississippi .
Associated Press writers Emily Wagster Pettus in Greenville , Mississippi , and Rebecca Santana in New Orleans contributed to this report .
This story has been corrected to reflect that police are now saying Lamb made the 911 call after shooting Schmidt , and that while Lamb referred to Prentiss as his wife in the 911 call , there is no indication the two ever married .
Toys R Us Plans to Hire Fewer Holiday Season Workers
Toys R Us says it wo n't hire as many holiday season employees as it did last year , but the toy and baby products retailer says it will give current employees and seasonal workers a chance to work more hours .
The company said it plans to hire 40,000 people to work at stores and distribution centers around the country , down from the 45,000 hired for the 2014 holiday season .
Most of the jobs will be part - time .
The company said it will start interviewing applicants this month , with staff levels rising from October through December .
While the holidays themselves are months away , holiday shopping season is drawing closer and companies are preparing to hire temporary employees to help them staff stores and sell , ship and deliver products .
Michael J. Fox Jokes About His ' Date ' With Princess Diana
The premiere of " Back to the Future " was a huge moment for Michael J. Fox professionally .
It was noteworthy because of personal reasons , too .
" We were sitting in the theater waiting for the royals to come in and I realize that the seat next to me is empty , and it dawns on me that Princess Diana is going to be sitting next to me , " he said in a trailer for an upcoming documentary , " Back in Time . "
The movie starts and it occurs to me that I 'm a fake yawn and an arm stretch away from being on a date with the Princess of Wales .
" Back in Time , " a documentary about " Back to the Future , " features interviews with Fox , Lea Thompson , and Christopher Lloyd , as well as director Robert Zemeckis , and executive producer Steven Spielberg .
" Back for the Future " premiered 30 years ago .
" It really is for me , " said Spielberg , " inarguably the greatest time travel movie ever put on film . "
" Back in Time " will be available on VOD , DVD and in select movie theaters Oct.
UN Chief Says There Is No Military Solution in Syria
Secretary - General Ban Ki - moon says his response to Russia 's stepped up military support for Syria is that " there is no military solution " to the nearly five - year conflict and more weapons will only worsen the violence and misery for millions of people .
The U.N. chief again urged all parties , including the divided U.N. Security Council , to unite and support inclusive negotiations to find a political solution .
Ban told a news conference Wednesday that he plans to meet with foreign ministers of the five permanent council nations - the U.S. , Russia , China , Britain and France - on the sidelines of the General Assembly 's ministerial session later this month to discuss Syria .
He expressed regret that divisions in the council and among the Syrian people and regional powers " made this situation unsolvable . "
Ban urged the five permanent members to show the solidarity and unity they did in achieving an Iran nuclear deal in addressing the Syria crisis .
8 Poll Numbers That Show Donald Trump Is For Real
Some have tried to label him a flip - flopper .
Others have dismissed him as a joke .
And some are holding out for an implosion .
But no matter how some Republicans are trying to drag Donald Trump down from atop the polls , it has n't worked ( yet ) .
Ten of the last 11 national polls have shown Donald Trump 's lead at double digits , and some are starting to ask seriously what it means for the real estate mogul 's nomination chances .
Of course , it 's still early in the election cycle .
None of this is to say that Trump is likely to win the Republican nomination .
Pundits point out that at this time in 2011 , Rick Perry 's lead was giving way to a rising Herman Cain , neither of whom won even one state in the nomination process .
And there are many reasons he would struggle in a general election .
But outside groups like Jeb Bush 's Super PAC and the economic conservative group Club for Growth are recognizing Trump 's staying power and beginning to unload their dollars to topple him .
Here are some recent poll numbers that suggest that the real estate mogul is n't just a passing phase :
Trump 's favorability ratings have turned 180 degrees .
Right before Donald Trump announced his candidacy in mid - June , a Monmouth University poll showed only two in 10 Republicans had a positive view of the real estate mogul .
By mid - July , it was 40 percent .
In early August , it was 52 percent .
Now , six in 10 Republicans have a favorable view of Donald Trump .
Roughly three in 10 say they have a negative view .
And these numbers hold up in early states .
A Quinnipiac poll in Iowa last week found that 60 percent of Republicans there had a favorable view of Trump .
Two - thirds of GOP voters would be happy with Trump as the nominee .
In a CNN / ORC poll last week , 67 percent of Republicans said they would be either " enthusiastic " or " satisfied " if Trump were the nominee .
Only two in 10 say they would be " upset " if he were the nominee .
Only Ben Carson generates roughly the same level of enthusiasm as Trump ( 43 percent say they would be " enthusiastic " vs. 40 percent who say the same of Trump ) .
The next closest in enthusiasm ?
Marco Rubio with only 21 percent .
On the flip side , 47 percent of Republican voters say they would be " dissatisfied " or " upset " if establishment favorite Jeb Bush becomes the nominee .
A majority of Republicans do n't see Trump 's temperament as a problem .
While Donald Trump has been widely criticized for his bombast and insults , 52 percent of leaned Republican voters nationwide think that the real estate mogul has the right temperament to be president , according to Monday 's ABC News / Washington Post poll .
The same number holds in the first - in - the - nation caucus state of Iowa , where the same 52 percent of Republicans think he has the personality to be commander in chief , according to Quinnipiac last week .
Still , 44 percent think he does n't have the personality to serve effectively , and almost six in 10 independents say his temperament does not belong in the White House , according to ABC / Post .
Republican voters are getting used to the idea .
When they put on their pundit hats , Republican voters think Trump is for real .
When asked who is most likely to win the GOP nomination , four in 10 said Trump was the best bet , according to a CNN / ORC poll out last week .
That 's a change from when four in 10 placed their money on Jeb Bush in late July .
Full disclosure : GOP voters have n't had the clearest crystal ball in the past .
At this time last cycle , four in 10 Republicans picked Rick Perry to win the nomination , vs. only 28 percent for eventual nominee Mitt Romney .
Still , it shows that a plurality of GOP voters see Trump 's campaign as plausible .
Even if Republicans rallied around another candidate , Trump still beats almost everyone .
Some pundits point out that the splintered field is likely contributing to Trump 's lead , while anti - Trump support is be spread diffusely among more than a dozen other candidates .
But a Monmouth University poll in early September shows that , in a hypothetical head - to - head matchup between Trump and most other Republican candidates , Trump almost always garners majority support .
He leads Carly Fiorina by 13 points , Marco Rubio by 14 points , Walker by 15 points , Jeb Bush by 19 points , and , finally , Rand Paul , John Kasich and Chris Christie by 33 points each .
He 's in a dead heat with Ted Cruz .
The only candidate who beats him ?
Ben Carson would lead the businessman by a wide 19 points in a hypothetical head - to - head .
A bare majority of Donald Trump 's supporters say they 've made up their minds .
A new CBS / NYT poll out on Tuesday shows that just more than half of voters who support Trump say they have locked in their votes .
Obviously , a lot can happen to change that , and no one can really say they would never change their mind .
46 percent said they are leaving the door open to switching candidates .
Still , Trump 's strongest competition at the moment is from fellow outsider neurosurgeon Ben Carson , but voters who say they have made up their minds are twice as likely to go for Trump .
Six in 10 Republicans say they agree with Trump on immigration .
Even since Donald Trump called immigrants from Mexico " rapists " in his campaign announcement speech two months ago , immigration has been front and center in the 2016 conversation .
Some are worried that Trump 's bombast will drive crucial Hispanic voters away from the Republican Party and damage rebranding efforts .
But according to Monday 's new ABC / Post poll , six in 10 Republicans say they agree with Trump on immigration issues .
So as long as immigration remains in the spotlight , it seems Donald Trump will remain too .
Frustration with government is climbing to new highs .
Donald Trump and Ben Carson now account for roughly half of the support from Republican voters , largely due to their outsider status .
Six in 10 Republicans in Monday 's new ABC / Post poll say they want a political outsider over someone with government experience .
And they are angry at Washington , too .
A Des Moines Register / Bloomberg poll in Iowa from two weeks ago shows that three in four Iowa Republicans are frustrated with Republicans in Congress , with 54 percent " unsatisfied " and 21 percent " mad as hell . "
Munich , Sylt und Co. : the five most exclusive residential areas in Germany
The most expensive residential developments are located here in Hobookenweg – with a view over the North Sea mudflats .
On this road one square metre of a thatched house costs an average of € 73,300 .
" On Sylt , the number of properties on offer is naturally limited , " says a study – hence the high prices .
This new study indicates the particular locations with the most expensive accommodation per square metre .
Of course , € 18.70 per square metre for student digs in Munich is not really low .
Compared with Germany 's top areas , however , this price seems likes peanuts .
Property service Engel & Volkers has published a league table of the most exclusive residential areas in Germany - with staggeringly high prices per square metre .
More than € 10,000 is nothing there - per quare metre , mind you .
Ok , if you ca n't afford it ...
Incidentally , for once Munich is not in the lead .
Champions League : Bayern off to a dream start thanks to Müller and Götze
Double goal scorer in Piraeus : Bayern star Thomas Müller is simply on a roll .
A lucky goal from Thomas Müller paved the way for a 3:0 victory for FC Bayern at Olypiacos Piraeus - then it got better .
A confident start to the Champions League season .
World champions Thomas Müller and Mario Götze brought about a dream start to their " Milan Mission " in the seething cauldron at Pireaus .
Trainer Pep Guardiola 's team won their opening match in the Champions League in a hot atmosphere away to the Greek record holders , thanks to Müller 's brace ( 52nd and 90th minutes +2 ) and Götze 's goal ( 89th minute ) , ending in a score of 3:0 ( 0:0 ) .
The twelfth successful start in a row should be the first step toward the final in Italy on 28 May 2016 , where Guardiola wants to end his third attempt by taking the trophy back to Munich .
With his 28th goal in the Champions League , Müller took Bayern into the lead with the gracious help of Olymiacos goalie Roberto , who let through a cross shot from the world champion .
" We are n't going to underestimate them , " promised Bayern captain Phillipp Lahm before the game in the Karaiskakis Stadium in front of 31,688 hot - blooded fans - and the Munich player kept his word .
They demonstrated a concentrated and committed performance without being showy .
Piraeus had won their six most recent premiere class home games , including against prominent clubs such as Manchester United , Atletico Madrid and Juventus Turin .
In 2011 Borussia Dortmund stumbled here too .
But Bayern , undefeated in seven Europa Cup duels with Greek teams , did not want to be the next victim .
They went to work boldly , but often too uninspired in their offensive efforts .
Attacks were too often initiated by bringing left winger Douglas Costa , who rarely got past former Brunswick player Omar Elabdellaoui , into play .
Müller had more luck from the right when his cross shot from right field drove into the top left corner of the goal .
In the 67th minute the world champion missed the chance of taking the match to 2:0 .
Robert Lewandowski had the best opportunities in the first half .
First when Olympiacos striker Ideye Brown hit the Pole 's header from the line in the 26th minute .
Then with a shot which the goalie parried with his knee in the 35th minute .
Although Bayern is used to playing a dominant game , Piraeus were able to needle them .
But they could count on goalkeeper Manuel Neuer .
For example when he steered a shot from Ideye over the crossbar in the 56th minute .
Guardiola had a four - man backfield defence deployed in front of Neuer , with David Alba in the centre next to Jerome Boateng .
Mario Götze , back in the squad following muscle problems , initially sat on the sidelines .
The world cup hero had only been given the green light following final training , said Sporting Director Matthias Sammer on Sky : " If anyone wants to make something else out of that , they are being malicious " .
At the first change , Guardiola decided against him , when he brought in Kingsley Coman for the stricken Lewandowski in the 59th minute .
Götze came late for Arturo Vidal in the 76th minute and proved himself 13 minutes later ; Müller put another one in with a penalty .
Before the match there was a riot in the stadium .
After a small group of Bayern fans , some wearing masks , had apparently provoked supporters of hosts Piraeus from behind their fence with words and gestures , security forces attacked them and used batons against the Munich supporters .
At least one Bayern fan was taken injured from the stadium .
Smokers at a greater risk of losing teeth
Smokers damage not only their lungs but also their teeth , concludes a long - term study in Potsdam .
The good news is : if you give up the risk decreases fast .
Smokers have a significantly increased risk of losing their teeth early .
This emerges from a long - term study by an international team of researchers , including a number of employees of the German Institute for Nutritional Research ( DIfE ) in Potsdam .
Compared to non - smokers , the risk of losing their teeth prematurely is between 2.5 and 3.6 times higher for smokers .
The scientists monitored more than 23,300 participants .
The main reasons for tooth loss are caries and inflammation of the gums , the DIfE states .
Smoking is a risk factor for this periodontitis , emphasise the authors .
The connection between smoking and loss of teeth can therefore be attributed to more frequent gum inflammation in smokers .
It has not been clarified to what extent smoking raises the risk of caries .
People who stop smoking could reduce their risk within a short time , the researchers write in the " Journal of Dental Research " .
It could however take 10 years before the danger once more drops to the level of non - smokers ' , declared lead author Thomas Dietrich of the University of Birmingham in England .
People should be persuaded to become non - smokers , declared study leader Heiner Boeing of DIfE : " Smoking shortens the lifespan " .
Not smoking is good for the lungs and vessels and in our experience leads to good dental health to an advanced age .
In Germany over 20 percent of the population in the 65 to 74 age group are affected by toothlessness , according to the DIfE.
Earlier studies had already indicated that smoking increases the risk of early tooth loss .
The new long term study substantiates these findings .
Archaeologists discover ancient remains on the banks of the Rhine at Cologne
Archaeological finds have again been made on the right bank of the Rhine in Cologne .
Archaeologists from the Roman Germanic Museum have unearthed skeletons and remains of historical buildings near the site where the new Rhine Boulevard is being constructed , said museum Director Marcus Trier on Tuesday .
Historians have been in search of so - called architectural monuments since the start of construction work on the Rhine .
The museum , as the department for archaeological monument conservation , is always consulted when construction projects are carried out in the city district of Cologne .
The archaeologists made a find in the third construction phase of the Rhein Boulevard .
It is already known from text documents that a fortress stood on this spot in the 4th century , and in the 8th century a church , explained Trier .
Besides the remains of the fortress and the church tower , a cemetery with around 350 graves , which probably belonged to the church , has also been discovered .
Young woman hit by goods train
After a young woman met with an accident at the station in Geilenkirchen - Lindern , police are asking for help from the general public .
Early on Wednesday morning , at about 1:40 a.m. , the young woman crossed the tracks at the end of the platform coming from the direction of the station building and was hit by a goods train coming from the direction of Mönchengladbach .
According to the Federal police she suffered severe injuries from the accident .
She was treated at the site by an emergency doctor and taken to hospital by ambulance .
Investigating officers have no idea why the young woman was crossing the tracks at night .
It is possible that the event was observed by witnesses or residents may have heard something .
This may apply to residents of or people passing by the Lindern station , Ziegelbäckerweg , Thomashofstrasse and Leiffarther Strasse ( L364 ) .
Any information that can be provided about the cause of the accident can be given by calling the free 24 - hour police hotline on 0800/688 8000 or at any police station .
EU Commission proposes new court in controversy over TTIP
To defuse the controversy over the planned Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership , TTIP , the EU Commission has proposed a substantial reform of the current arbitration system .
According to this , the disputed private arbitration board for conflicts between corporations and countries would be replaced by a transparent system which corresponds considerably more in its function to traditional courts .
" We want to set up a system which citizens trust , " stated the responsible EU Commissioner , Cecilia Malström , when introducing it .
The Swede plans to introduce the proposal as the European negotiating position in the free trade talks with the USA .
The German government has announced its support .
The creation of TTIP will result in the largest free trade zone in the world , covering 800 million people .
Plans for reform of the current arbitration procedure specifically provide for the EU states and the USA to jointly select independent judges for a new investment court .
They should come in equal proportions from the EU , the USA and from non - member countries .
For the first time , a second instance is also provided for .
This would allow for appeals to be made against judgements .
Up to now , the parties to proceedings have agreed on the arbitrator among themselves and there has been no possibility of appeal against their judgements .
In the discussions over the past months it has become clear that citizens do not trust the old ISDS system to be fair and just , commented Malström .
In the long term , according to her statement , she wants to aim at an international investment court .
In this , for example , disputes between Chinese companies and EU countries could be cleared up .
Investor State Dispute Settlement ( ISDS ) , which is required particularly by large companies , is said to be one of the main reasons for the stiff opposition to the TTIP in Europe .
Traditional arbitration courts are criticised by adversaries as a form of parallel justice through which companies are able to fight for compensation at the expense of tax payers , make national laws null and void , or enforce a lowering of consumer and environmental protection standards .
In initial reactions , anti TTIP organisations such as Capact called the EU Commission 's proposals inadequate .
There was criticism in particular that they would not apply to the already negotiated free trade agreement with Canada ( Ceta ) .
The German Secretary of State for the Economy , Matthias Machnig ( SPD ) , on the other hand , referred to the plans as major progress .
The Commission included in the reforms key points which Federal Economics Minister Sigmar Gabriel developed with other EU trade ministers .
The old system of private arbitration courts is off the table .
The French government , too , welcomed Malström 's plans .
The European business association BusinessEurope warned against restricting the options for industry to take legal action with too many new rules .
Small and medium sized enterprises in particular could be disadvantaged , they said .
When talks over the TTIP free trade agreement can be concluded was still unclear on Wednesday .
Negotiations have been taking place since the middle of 2013 .
The issue of investor protection , however , has to date not been discussed with the USA .
It was originally planned for a structure for the agreement to be completed by the end of this year .
This date is no longer tenable .
Exquisite folk from Sufjan Stevens in Hamburg
Eleven years ago , Sufjan Stevens sits on the stage in the Prime Club ( now Luxor ) in Cologne .
Beside him stands a flip chart on which the shy - seeming folk singer has drawn the picturesque US state of Michigan in felt - tip pen .
The entire audience , some 40 people , is virtually mesmerised by Stevens 's performance .
Referring to different places , which each time he marks on the map , he talks about the stories behind his meticulously and subtly contrived songs .
Where they originated , and what it looks like , in his home country .
Since then Stevens has proved himself to be a wonderfully creative nutcase .
His third album , " Greetings from Michigan : the Great Lake State " , released in 2003 , features cleverly composed songs which cling harmonically to the traditions of American folk rock of the late sixties , but which might drift at any time into amazing opulence .
Rumour has it that " Michigan " was the first part of a bold series : it was to have been followed by songs about each of the 50 United States .
But in 2004 in the Rhine area , " Seven Swans " came out , bursting positive expectations .
Stevens seems to have downsized here .
Playing live he only needs a guitar and banjo .
One year later the New York - based musician returns to his series .
With " Illinois " ( " Sufjan Stevens Invites You To : Come On Feel The Illinoise " ) in 2005 , a widely acclaimed masterpiece is released .
Exuberant with ideas and stylistic sophistication .
The album climbs the American Billboard charts and appears in every best album of the year list in the influential music press .
After extremely productive experiments Stevens then serves up " The Age of Adz " ( 2010 ) , an elaborate electronic set piece .
This sixth proper studio album is still broadly orchestrated , but supported by programmed sequences or beats and plays with a variety of effects and echoes .
Long since moved on from the smaller clubs , the stage shows here are becoming colourful spectacles with neon headbands and huge fluorescent stage decorations .
Currently Sufjan Stevens is touring Germany as part of a five - man band .
Hamburg Mehr kept in the dark !
Since March the theatre has primarily presented " Carrie and Lowell " .
Although an audience of almost 2000 sit spellbound in their seats , the clearly more mature Stevens returns to intimacy and to folk .
Without directing a word at the public the group of excellent musicians plays through the widely enriched album .
From the audience one can hear : the performance is more " opulent " and it makes you want to " chuck away the album " .
Only with his encore does Stevens give his modest thanks , play a few of his older songs acoustically and finally take a bow to thunderous applause .
Jeremy Corbyn to make debut at Prime Minister 's Questions
Since his election , Mr Corbyn 's debut at PMQs has been keenly awaited
New Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is to make his debut at Prime Minister 's Questions later , taking on David Cameron for the first time .
Mr Corbyn will rise to ask the first of his six allotted questions shortly after midday , with his performance likely to be closely scrutinised by the media and Labour MPs .
He has called for " less theatre and more facts " at the weekly showpiece .
He has also said he could skip some sessions , leaving them to colleagues .
The encounter will be the first parliamentary test of Mr Corbyn 's leadership , coming after his appointment of a shadow cabinet and his speech to the TUC annual congress on Tuesday .
Meanwhile , the Labour leader 's decision to stand in silence during the singing of the national anthem at a service on Tuesday to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain has attracted criticism from a number of Tory MPs and is the focus of several front page stories in the newspapers .
Mr Corbyn 's decision not to sing the national anthem has attracted attention
A spokesman for Mr Corbyn said he had " stood in respectful silence " and did recognise the " heroism of the Royal Air Force in the Battle of Britain . "
But a member of Mr Corbyn 's shadow cabinet , Owen Smith , told BBC Two 's Newsnight programme he would have advised the Labour leader to sing the national anthem " irrespective " of his belief that the monarchy should be abolished .
Nearly a dozen shadow ministers have refused to serve in Mr Corbyn 's top team , citing differences over the economy , defence and foreign affairs , while less than a sixth of the parliamentary party originally backed him as leader .
BBC political correspondent Robin Brant says policy differences are also " stacking up " within Labour following Mr Corbyn 's appointment over its position on the European Union and the government 's cap on benefits .
Mr Corbyn told the TUC conference Labour was putting forward amendments to remove the whole idea of a cap altogether .
Hours later Mr Smith , the shadow work and pensions secretary , said the party was " very clear " that it was only opposing government plans to reduce the level of cap from £ 26,000 to £ 23,000 .
Mr Corbyn will be the fifth Labour leader that David Cameron has faced across the despatch box over the past decade since he became Tory leader .
The Labour leader , who has promised a different approach to politics , says he has " crowd sourced " ideas for questions to ask Mr Cameron and has been given more than 30,000 suggestions .
The Islington North MP has said PMQs is too confrontational and that he will refrain from both " repartee " and trading barbs , instead vowing to focus on serious issues such as poverty , inequality and the challenges facing young people .
Mr Corbyn has said that Angela Eagle , the shadow business secretary , will deputise for him at PMQs when he does not attend - for instance when Mr Cameron is travelling abroad .
He has also floated the idea of allowing other colleagues to take the floor on occasion , saying he had approached the Commons Speaker John Bercow to discuss the issue .
When he became leader in 2005 , Mr Cameron said he wanted to move away from the " Punch and Judy " style of politics often associated with PMQs but admitted some years later that he had failed .
Since it was first televised in 1990 , PMQs has been seen as a key barometer of a leader 's judgement , their command of the Commons and their standing among their fellow MPs although critics have argued it has become a caricature and is in need of far - reaching reforms .
' Shot in Joburg ' : Homeless youth trained as photographers
Downtown Johannesburg is a tough place to be homeless .
But one group of former street children have found a way to learn a skill and make a living .
" I was shot in Joburg " is a non - profit studio that teaches homeless youngsters how to take photographs of their neighbourhood and make a profit from it .
BBC News went to meet one of the project 's first graduates .
How to share your stories , pictures and videos with BBC News
Every day BBC News - on TV , on radio and online - brings you the latest stories from across the globe ... but what we want to hear are the issues that matter to you .
The part you play in making the news is very important .
Whether it is breaking news or a featured item , your contribution can make a difference .
Have you seen or been involved in a news event ?
Is something significant , bizarre or unusual happening where you live ?
Have you got a story to tell or is there something you think we should follow up ?
Are there topics you want to get the world talking about ?
What do you want to comment on ?
Or do you want to find out what others are talking about ?
Terms and conditions for sending contributions to the BBC .
Here are the different ways to send in your contributions :
Contact us on Twitter
We may use your tweets displaying your Twitter username on BBC output .
Message us on WhatsApp
Send us a picture , video or message to our WhatsApp number +44 7525 900971
In some cases your text , as well as your images , may be used on BBC output .
We will publish your name as you provide it ( unless you ask us not to ) but we will never publish your mobile phone number .
You can send us your pictures and videos or an SMS to 61124 .
Or if you are outside the UK , send them to the international number +44 7624 800 100 .
You can download the BBC News app on iOS or Android devices and send us images or contributions using the buttons in the app .
Email your stories and comments to haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk
We aim to read all of your emails but due to the numbers we receive each day it is not always possible to reply to everyone individually .
Email your pictures , video or audio to us at yourpics@bbc.co.uk
If we use your material on BBC programmes or online we will publish your name as you provide it ( unless you ask us not to ) but we will never publish your email address .
You can also upload your video or pictures .
We will publish your name as you provide it , unless you ask us not to .
Pound rises as UK wage growth accelerates
The pound jumped following data showing a pick - up in UK wage growth , while the FTSE 100 was led higher by bid target SABMiller .
Between May and July , UK earnings excluding bonuses grew 2.9 % compared with the same period last year .
The rate was the fastest since 2009 , and was seen as bringing forward estimates of when rates might rise .
Sterling rose more than 1 % against the dollar to $ 1.5505 and was up 0.84 % against the euro at € 1.3730 .
The FTSE 100 index closed up 1.49 % to 6,229.21 .
SABMiller was the stand - out stock on the market , jumping 20 % after it received a bid approach from rival AB InBev .
A deal would combine the world 's two largest brewers , bringing together brands such as Budweiser , Stella Artois , Peroni and Grolsch .
Burberry shares were 0.9 % higher following encouraging news from rival luxury goods group Richemont .
Richemont 's latest sales figures beat expectations and also showed that sales in China - a key market for Burberry - had begun to grow again .
Shares in Glencore rose 5 % after the mining giant said it had raised $ 2.5bn through a share placement as part of its debt - cutting strategy .
Shares in packaging and paper group Mondi were the biggest fallers on the index , down 4.3 % , after Goldman Sachs cut its rating on the firm to " sell . "
JD Sports rose 3.1 % after the sportswear firm reported an 83 % jump in half - year pre - tax profits to £ 46.6 m.
JD Sports boss says higher wages could hurt expansion
JD Sports Executive Chairman Peter Cowgill says a higher minimum wage for UK workers could mean " more spending power in the pockets of potential consumers . "
But that spending power is unlikely to outweigh the higher labour costs at his firm , he says .
The costs could hit JD Sports ' expansion plans , he added , which could mean fewer extra jobs .
Justin Bieber in the capital city : on a Bieber expedition in Berlin
Justin Bieber , megastar .
A ridiculous 21 years young , a wimpy kid with a too trendy haircut .
The guy with the platinum blond hair is worth a hundred million euros .
Probably even more .
At the moment Monsieur Bieber is in Berlin .
And the under-17 generation is going berserk .
Like Wiktoria Rudzinska .
The 15 - year - old has never heard the name Ritz Carlton .
Not so bad .
Hundreds of fans accompanied Justin yesterday .
Including Eva and Viktoria from Poland .
But the Poles have been sitting on the cold stone slab in front of the luxury Berlin hotel on the Potsdamer Platz since 7 o'clock in the morning .
The Bieber building : their idol , whose face appears on huge numbers of posters in Szczecin , has been staying here since Monday evening .
The suite where the Canadian singer is staying costs as much for one night as her mother Ewa earns in six months .
At least .
She says : " My Viktoria should really be sitting in the 10th class in the grammar school at the moment . "
" I 'm fulfilling her dream for her . "
Compulsory education ?
Who wants that ?
Not the fans .
Nor Bieber himself .
He is financially secure anyway .
He is earning three million for advertising in the commercial break at the Super Bowl , a two - year deal with an anti - spot company pours many many dollars into Bieber 's account .
And for every doll that looks like him and passes over the counter Bieber cashes in as well .
When Justin Bieber drinks coffee people goggle through the window .
He has looted more than a hundred million like that .
Some say the hype goes too far .
Others point out that after all Bieber is charting in both the USA and Great Britain with his new single " What do you mean ? " at number one .
Bieber himself , whose new album is due out in November , is not interested in all those zeros .
At least that 's what he says .
Pegida poster suggests the idea of potato doner kebabs to Lebanese man
Potatoes or doner kebab ?
You can have both – in the potato kebab that Oldenburg snack bar owner Hani Alhay has created .
Inspired by the slogan " potatoes instead of kebabs " on a Pegida movement poster , Alhay put potatoes and meat together on a skewer .
A poster at a Pegida demonstration with the slogan " Potatoes instead of kebabs " which he happened to see on television gave him the idea .
Since then a spit laden with meat and potatoes has been rotating in his shop .
" That is multi - cultural food ! " says Alhay .
Now he has registered his idea at the patent office in Munich .
According to officials there it is now protected as a registered design .
Because of this , Alhay does not want to reveal how much meat and how many potatoes the spit holds .
Just enough so that , " They taste much better together , " he reckons .
Customers also appreciate this international culinary understanding .
Metcash launches grassroots campaign to fight Aldi incursion
Metcash is trying to protect its IGA stores from an Aldi onslaught in South Australia and Western Australia .
Grocery wholesaler Metcash has kicked off a grassroots campaign to defend the market share of IGA retailers in South Australia and Western Australia ahead of a $ 700 million Aldi invasion .
As Aldi prepares to open two distribution centres and the first of as many as 120 stores in South Australia and Western Australia early next year , Metcash and IGA supermarkets are strengthening relationships with local food suppliers and building the IGA brand through mainstream and social media marketing and events such as the Adelaide show .
IGA retailers and suppliers are jumping on board , with brands such as Dunsborough - based ice cream maker Simmo 's offering taste testing at IGA stores and store owners selling discounted South Australian football league tickets to loyal customers .
Metcash is expected to reveal more details of its defence strategy on September 29 , when the food , liquor and hardware wholesaler hosts its annual investor strategy day .
There is much at stake , as South Australia and Western Australia account for almost 30 per cent of Metcash 's IGA store footprint and generate higher profit margins than Metcash 's IGA network in the eastern states .
South Australian and Western Australian shoppers are notoriously parochial and IGA retailers enjoy a much stronger market share than they do in NSW , Victoria and Queensland - more than 30 per cent in SA and 24 per cent in WA compared with around 14 per cent in the Eastern states .
However , analysts such as Morgan Stanley believe Aldi will snare around 5 per cent of the grocery market in these two states within 12 months of opening its first stores , taking sales from all existing players but mainly from independent retailers .
In a report this week , Morgan Stanley analyst Tom Kierath estimated that IGA retailers could lose $ 360 million a year in sales and Metcash $ 250 million by the end of 2016 .
This forecast is based on the assumption that Aldi opens 25 stores in SA and 30 in WA next year , generating sales of $ 500 million and $ 600 million in each market .
The loss of food and grocery sales and volumes on Metcash 's high fixed - cost base could cost Metcash around $ 13 million in earnings before interest and tax , Mr Kierath said .
At the same time , Metcash is losing market share in the eastern states , mainly to Aldi and Coles , even though a recent Roy Morgan survey found IGA shoppers were most loyal .
Morgan Stanley believes Metcash 's food and grocery sales will fall 3.8 per cent in 2016 , 4.1 per cent in 2017 and 2.1 per cent in 2018 , reducing its market share from 14 per cent in 2015 to 10.3 per cent by 2020 .
Last week , leading fund manager Hamish Douglass , the founder of Magellan Financial Group , told a business lunch in Melbourne that Metcash could " highly , probably disappear within a decade .
Metcash has declined to respond publicly to Mr Douglass ' comments .
But it is understood that a Metcash board member contacted Mr Douglass last week .
IGA 's market share has fallen from 18 per cent to 14 per cent since 2010 and earnings from Metcash 's food and grocery business , which supplies about 1200 IGA retailers , have fallen 43 per cent since 2012 , reflecting operating deleverage as sales and margins come under pressure .
However , the wholesaler is fighting back , investing more than $ 150 million a year matching shelf prices at Coles and Woolworths on hundreds of products each week , helping IGA retailers refurbish stores by adding faster - growing fresh food , and rolling out a better range of private label groceries .
Metcash chief executive Ian Morrice says the price matching and store refurbishment programs are gaining traction and is hoping the wholesaler will return to underlying profit growth in 2017 , for the first time in four years .
Thanasi Kokkinakis backed by Tennis Australia president Steve Healy
Thanasi Kokkinakis deserves kudos rather than criticism for his behaviour .
Thanasi Kokkinakis has been the collateral damage in the recent storm around his friend Nick Kyrgios and deserves kudos rather than criticism for his own behaviour , according to Tennis Australia president Steve Healy .
Kokkinakis , the younger of the talented duo regularly referred to as the " Special Ks , " was dragged into an unwelcome spotlight by the infamous Kyrgios sledge of Stan Wawrinka at the Montreal Masters .
In a fiery qualifying match in Cincinnati soon after , Kokkinakis and his opponent Ryan Harrison twice had to be separated by the chair umpire , with Harrison declaring : " Wawrinka should 've decked Kyrgios , and I should deck that kid . "
While he was last seen smashing a racquet after cramp foiled a potential US Open upset of Richard Gasquet , Kokkinakis has been defended staunchly by Healy .
The teenager is currently in Glasgow , competing with Sam Groth for the second singles berth behind Bernard Tomic in the Davis Cup semi - final against Britain .
" One thing I do feel quite keenly about is I think Thanasi 's been dragged into the fray a little bit , " Healy said .
He did break a racquet when he lost when he cramped in the US , but he 's not the first player to break a racquet out of frustration with himself , and I know Thanasi well enough to know he would n't be proud of that .
But , really , he 's handled himself extremely well , in pretty provocative circumstances in the US with Harrison and so on , and I think he deserves a lot of credit .
He 's a great team around him , he 's got a great family around him and I just think he 's been a little hard done by .
He 's a very mature 19 - year - old , he works very hard , and he fits in with the team and so on , he has n't ever had an issue with the other players , he 's well respected in the locker room , he trains hard , he 's in great shape , he 's a very stable and mature young guy and I just think he deserves to be judged on his own merits .
Healy also backed the decision to overlook Kyrgios for the important tie , starting on Friday , describing the " mutual decision " as the right thing for all , but backing the Canberran to return as a long - term fixture in the team .
" First of all we want the team to be completely focused on the tie and not all the controversy around [ Kyrgios ] , " Healy said .
And I think Nick , he 's risen very quickly , as people like Federer and Murray have pointed out , he 's growing up in the public eye and he 's made some terrible errors and deserves all the criticism he gets , but we 're trying to support him , we 're trying to help him understand the consequences of his actions , and some time out of the limelight where he can just reflect on that I think is appropriate and it 's best for the team and it 's best for him .
Europe migrant crisis : Hungary declares emergency , seals border , detains migrants
Declaring a state of emergency , Hungary sealed off its southern border with Serbia on Tuesday and detained those trying to enter illegally , aiming to shut down the flow of migrants pouring in .
Chaos ensued at the border , as hundreds of migrants piled up in a no man 's land , and Serbian officials reacted with outrage .
Stuck for an unknown amount of time on a strip of road between the two countries ' checkpoints , those fleeing violence in their homelands pitched tents and settled in .
But frustrations were on the rise .
As a police helicopter hovered above , migrants chanted " Open the border ! " and shouted insults at Hungarian riot police .
Some refused food and water in protest .
Serbia 's foreign minister declared it was " unacceptable " that migrants were being sent back from Hungary while more and more were arriving from Macedonia and Greece .
( Serbia ) wants to be part of the solution , not collateral damage .
There will have to be talks in the coming days with Brussels and other countries , " Ivica Dacic said in Prague .
The turmoil at the Hungarian - Serbian border came a day after the 28 - nation bloc failed to come up with a united immigration policy at a contentious meeting in Brussels .
The ministers did agree to share responsibility for 40,000 people seeking refuge in overwhelmed Italy and Greece and spoke hopefully of reaching an eventual deal - next month or by the end of the year - on which EU nations would take 120,000 more refugees , including some from Hungary .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Austria called Tuesday for a special European Union summit next week to discuss the continent 's immigration crisis .
Hungary , however , was not pinning its hopes on any action soon from Brussels or its neighbors .
Tuesday 's state of emergency in two southern regions gave authorities greater powers to deal with the crisis , allowing them to shut down roads and speed up asylum court cases .
Meanwhile , Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said his country is also planning to build a razor - wire fence along part of its border with Romania to stop the flow of migrants through the country , now that it has finished a fence on the Serbian border .
CBS News correspondent Charlie D'Agata reported that even prison inmates were enlisted in the race to finish the razor wire fence between Hungary and Serbia .
In the last few months , Hungary has become a major bottleneck and entry point into the European Union for migrants , many of them war refugees from Syria and elsewhere in the Middle East .
Prime Minister Viktor Orban , however , has insisted that most arriving are economic migrants seeking a better life , not war refugees entitled to protection - a view sharply at odds with other EU nations , including Germany .
The new laws that took effect at midnight in Hungary now make it a crime to cross or damage a 4 - meter ( 13 - foot ) razor - wire fence the government has built along the southern border with Serbia and also includes longer prison terms for convicted human traffickers .
" Due to the situation caused by mass migration , the Hungarian government declares a state of crisis , " government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs told reporters in the southern city of Szeged .
We are very clear on this : Illegal border crossing is a crime .
Technically , parliament must still approve the deployment of the military , expected next week , but Associated Press reporters at the border have seen heavily armed military personnel with vehicles and dogs for days .
Gyorgy Bakondi , homeland security adviser to Orban , said authorities caught 45 people trying to cross at the border and 15 deeper in the country .
They got across by damaging the fence , are now in police custody and are being charged with committing offenses under the new laws .
Authorities are quickly repairing the fence .
Hungarian officials also closed two of seven border crossings with Serbia on Tuesday morning after deploying a train car covered with razor wire to close one of them .
Chaos enveloped the main border crossing near Roszke , Hungary , as the Hungarians opened a tiny office in a metal container to process people and crowds pressed to squeeze inside .
About 20 managed to get in , but thousands remained outside .
Another group of migrants blocked the main highway connecting Serbia and Hungary , saying they were refusing food and water until they are allowed to cross into Hungary .
Election 2016 : Hillary Clinton 's lead over Bernie Sanders cut by half in national poll
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton continues to hold a double - digit lead in the Democratic race for the nomination nationally , but Sen. Bernie Sanders is gaining on her .
Clinton now has the backing of 47 percent of Democratic primary voters ( down from 58 percent ) , while Sanders comes in second , with 27 percent ( up from 17 percent ) .
Vice President Joe Biden , who has yet to announce whether he is running for president , receives support from 15 percent of Democratic primary voters .
More than five months before the start of the primary contests , most Democratic voters say it is too early to say that their minds are made up about which candidate they will support .
But Clinton 's backers are more firm in their choice than those backing other candidates .
Since last month 's CBS News Poll , Clinton has lost ground among a number of demographic groups , while Sanders has made some gains .
Clinton maintains a large lead among women and moderates , but those leads have narrowed .
Her support among men has dropped considerably and Sanders only trails her by 5 points .
Clinton 's advantage with Democratic voters under age 50 has evaporated , and she and Sanders are now even .
However , Clinton still has a large lead with older voters .
Last month , Clinton was ahead of Sanders by double - digits among liberals , but Sanders now has a 5 - point edge with this group .
About half of Democratic primary voters nationwide say they would enthusiastically support Clinton if she became the party 's nominee .
A quarter would support her with some reservations and another 15 percent would only back her because she is the nominee .
Six percent would not support her .
Perhaps not surprisingly , Clinton 's current supporters are especially likely to be enthusiastic about her .
Views are more mixed among those not currently backing Clinton - only about a quarter would enthusiastically support her .
While 48 percent of Democratic primary voters say they would enthusiastically back Clinton , fewer Republican voters say that about their frontrunner , Donald Trump ( 35 percent ) .
When Clinton 's supporters are asked in an open - ended question why they want her to be the nominee , the top answer is that she has the right experience ( 16 percent ) , followed by it 's time for a woman president ( 13 percent ) , and that she is the best candidate for the job ( 10 percent ) .
Also mentioned by Clinton supporters is her association with Bill Clinton ( 9 percent ) .
Agreement on the issues , and electability are also cited .
As the vice president weighs a potential run for president , 57 percent of Democratic primary voters would like to see him jump in the race - although a third do n't think he should .
When Democratic primary voters are asked who would be their second choice for the party 's nomination , Biden is the top pick .
Among Clinton supporters , more than half say Biden would be their second choice , far ahead of Sanders .
If Biden chooses not to run for the Democratic nomination , Hillary Clinton 's lead over Sanders widens , from 20 points with Biden in the race to 30 points without him in the running .
Fifty - five percent of Democratic voters see Clinton as the candidate with the best chance of winning the general election ; however that figure is down from 78 percent last month .
Biden is a distant second on this measure , but the percentage that sees him as the most electable has risen .
Still , when asked which is more important in a nominee , Democratic voters pick issues over electability .
Similar to last month , no single Democratic candidate or potential candidate stands out as unacceptable as the nominee to these primary voters .
The Democratic candidates , or potential candidates , perform well on some key characteristics among their party 's primary voters .
Majorities see Clinton , Sanders and Biden as honest and trustworthy and as having strong leadership qualities .
Biden does the best of the three on honesty , while Clinton 's strength is leadership .
Thirty percent of Democratic primary voters do n't think Clinton is honest and trustworthy , twice as many as say that about Sanders ( 15 percent ) , but 27 percent do n't have an opinion of him on this .
Democratic primary voters also generally see Clinton , Sanders and Biden as in line with their views ideologically .
On all of these measures , about a quarter of Democratic voters do not have an opinion of Sanders .
As questions continue about Hillary Clinton 's use of a personal email address and server while Secretary of State , most Democratic primary voters are satisfied with her explanation of the matter and say it has n't impacted their overall views of her .
But it 's a different story among the American public overall .
Half of Americans are now dissatisfied with her explanation , while just about a third are satisfied .
The public 's views on this were split back in March , shortly after the issue came to light .
Most Americans say the email controversy has had no effect on their overall opinions of Clinton , although 36 percent say their opinion of her has grown worse .
It is mainly Republicans , more than six in 10 , who say their views of Clinton have become worse .
Even though Clinton is viewed as honest and trustworthy by her party 's voters , this continues to be a problem for her among registered voters overall : only 32 percent see her as honest and trustworthy , down eight points from last month , and 15 points since May .
Sixty - two percent of registered voters do n't think of her as honest and trustworthy .
At the same time , 55 percent of registered voters nationwide do n't see Trump as honest and trustworthy either .
Both Clinton and Trump , however , get good marks on leadership .
Of the six candidates tested , Biden , Carson and Bush do the best on honesty .
More see Sanders as honest than not , but like Carson , many do n't have an opinion of him .
The margin of error for the sample of 351 Democratic primary voters is 6 percentage points .
Ben Carson draws close behind Donald Trump in national poll
Ben Carson is running close behind Donald Trump in the newest CBS News / New York Times poll
The two candidates account for half the support of voters in the new poll , leaving others scrounging for a foothold
Republican voters nationwide continue to back Trump in large numbers , climbing from 23 % support in the last CBS poll , conducted before the Fox News debate last month , to 27 % in the poll out Tuesday .
But Carson rocketed in that same period from 6 % to 23 % .
The survey also found Carson doing well across demographic groups , edging out Trump among college - educated Republican voters .
The rest of the field , with the exception of Carly Fiorina and Ohio Gov. John Kasich , has slipped behind with Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker falling farthest from 10 % support last month to 2 % now .
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio all tied for third place with 6 % .
The margin of error for the 376 - person sample of Republican voters in this newest poll is plus - or - minus 6 % , and was conducted Sept.
The latest CNN / ORC survey , released last week , showed Carson rising in the polls -- landing at 19 % support among Republicans , behind Trump 's 32 % support .
The latest poll from ABC News / Washington Post also showed Trump significantly ahead of Carson .
Facing a rising Carson last week , Trump took some potshots at the retired neurosurgeon , even as Carson apologized for questioning Trump 's faith .
" We need energy , " Trump said last Saturday during a campaign stop in Iowa .
Pleasant temperatures for bathing : the eastern Mediterranean is currently as warm as 29 degrees
Even if peak levels are only measured in the distance , a trip to the Mediterranean is enough for beach lovers to find warm water .
A dip in the North Sea or the Baltic Sea can only be a brief treat with temperatures at a maximum of 17 degrees .
Many people no longer go into the sea : the water in the North Sea and the Baltic this week is a maximum of 18 degrees , according to the German meteorological office ( DWD ) .
The Mediterranean , by contrast , offers suitable temperatures for bathing : in the east they are as high as 29 degrees .
In the Adriatic peak temperatures are 25 degrees , and in France 23 degrees .
The Red Sea in Egypt is 28 degrees .
Five fraternity members charged in death of Baruch College freshman
Nearly two years after a college student died during a fraternity hazing ritual in Pennsylvania 's Pocono Mountains , murder charges have been filed against five people .
Members of New York City 's Baruch College Pi Delta Psi fraternity brutally assaulted Chun " Michael " Deng during an initiation rite in September 2013 and delayed taking him to the hospital , contributing to his death , police said .
Officials said he was blindfolded , saddled with a 30 - pound backpack full of sand , and repeatedly tackled while he tried to walk toward a target across a frozen field .
Mr. Deng eventually complained that his head hurt then fell unconscious .
Pi Delta Psi fraternity members did not call 911 after Deng passed out , and allegedly waited an hour before bringing him to a hospital , police say .
They did , however , find time to change Deng 's clothes , Google his symptoms , and contact Andy Meng , the fraternity 's national president to seek advice , Police Chief Chris Wagner said at a news conference .
" At this point , members began to hide paraphernalia and basically put the fraternity 's well - being over that of Michael Deng 's , " Chief Wagner said .
He could not be revived and he died the next morning .
According to an autopsy report , Deng was subjected to repeated blunt force trauma to his head , torso , and thighs .
" Too many families have been devastated as a result of fraternity hazing , with at least one student dying every year from hazing since 1970 , " Douglas Fierberg , an attorney representing Deng 's family , said in a statement .
Fraternities and their members must be held accountable , and this step by authorities is an important one .
A Monroe County grand jury recommended third - degree murder charges for the first five members .
Thirty - two other fraternity members , including Mr. Meng , will also be charged with assault hazing and criminal conspiracy .
" We want to hold not only the individuals involved , but if there 's an organization that sanctioned it , whether officially or unofficially , we 're going to hold them accountable as well , " Wagner said at a news conference Tuesday .
Baruch College banned the fraternity and the national fraternity revoked its affiliation with the local chapter .
Here 's what will happen when the Fed raises interest rates
A rate hike will come and the bull market will stumble , bond yields will climb and the economy will slip into a recession .
This we know .
What we do n't know is how long all of that will take and how long it will last .
For the economy specifically , history offers little guide about timing .
A recession has come as quickly as 11 months after the first rate hike and as long as 86 months .
The Federal Reserve 's aggressiveness in raising rates is often , though not always , a determinant in how the economy and financial assets respond .
That 's why officials at the U.S. central bank have stressed so vigorously that investors should not be focused on when it starts raising rates but rather the trajectory of how long it will take to normalize .
There are , indeed , multiple variables at play .
In the end , however , market participants may find that all the rate - hike fuss may have been overdone .
" The first hike from the Fed since the global financial crisis will inevitably be interpreted by some as signaling the end of the era of ' cheap money , ' " Julian Jessop , chief global economist at Capital Economics , said in a note to clients .
In contrast , we do not expect the gradual return of U.S. interest rates to more normal but still low levels to be the seismic shock that many seem to fear .
That 's not to say there wo n't be effects , however .
Here 's a look at how some areas of the economy could react , based on historical trends :
As the market has seen over the past month or so , anticipation of rate hikes can make things volatile for a while .
Once the hike hits , though , the impact is not as dramatic .
" It does seem there is a trend for equity returns to stall 12 - 24 months after the first hike , which again perhaps reflects the lag in monetary policy , " Deutsche Bank analysts said in a recent study of what happens after the Fed hikes .
More specifically , the market over the past 35 years or so is most often up sharply - about 14 percent - heading into the rate hike , fairly flat in the 250 days after ( average gain of 2.6 percent ) then back to normal once 500 days have passed , with average return in the past six cycles of 14.4 percent , according to a recent analysis Bob Doll , chief equity strategist at Nuveen Asset Management , posted on Barron 's .
Deutsche said the impact on stocks tends to get more pronounced later in the rate - hiking cycle and returns begin to diminish .
Recessions are a fact of economic life , but rate hikes often help them along .
In the current case , the Fed is facing some conditions that did not exist before and could hasten a recession .
Most notably , gross domestic product will be near its lowest point ever for a Fed rate hike .
According to Deutsche Bank , in the 118 rate hikes since 1950 , only twice has nominal year over year GDP been below 4.5 percent .
Even though the second quarter of 2015 was at 3.6 percent , few expect that to last , with the third quarter tracking at just 1.5 percent , according to the Atlanta Fed .
Hiking rates into such a fragile economic backdrop could be risky and set up the question of " whether this time is different , " Deutsche said .
Market participants have been bracing for a Fed hike all year , with all eyes turned toward this week 's Federal Open Market Committee meeting , which ends Thursday .
While many strategists and economists believe the FOMC could approve a hike at this meeting , futures trading indicates just a 25 percent probability .
" In our study since 1950 , all hiking cycles to date have been in a super cycle of increasing leverage with GDP eclipsing prerecession peaks very quickly post the recovery commencing , " the report said .
By contrast this has been a uniquely slow recovery from what was the worst recession in the sample period .
The current cycle is by far the longest the Fed has waited since the end of the last recession ; the record had been 35 months , and this is 74 months and counting .
Fixed income also has been volatile as the market anticipates a rate hike , and the pattern is somewhat similar to what equities experience .
The principal difference is that the impact happens faster in bonds than stocks when the Fed changes course in policy .
For bonds , it does seem yields change direction immediately as the first hike / cut in the cycle arrives .
At the end of the hiking cycle bond yields fall immediately , " Deutsche said .
Charles Schwab strategists believe the hike in rates will cause yields between longer- and shorter - dated bonds to move closer together , flattening the curve .
High - yield bonds often perform better in such a climate , though " we are still cautious about stretching for yield , " Kathy Jones , fixed income analyst at Schwab , said in an analysis .
Interestingly , Jones thinks markets already have adapted to Fed policy expectations .
" In addition to the strength in the dollar and the drop in inflation expectations , there are several signs that the market has adjusted to the prospect of tighter monetary policy , " she wrote .
Short - term interest rates are up , the yield curve is flatter , credit spreads have widened and volatility has increased - all characteristics of the market when the Fed tightens policy .
Broadly speaking , companies that do the majority of their business in the U.S. will win as interest rates rise and local products become more attractive .
Multinationals with lots of debt will fare worse , as a rising dollar makes their products more expensive in the global market space and their debt more expensive the finance .
" History shows that ' quality ' stocks tend to outperform during the three months following an initial rate hike , " Goldman Sachs analysts said in a report for clients .
Firms with strong balance sheets outpaced weak balance sheet companies following each of the 1994 , 1999 , and 2004 rate hikes , by an average of 5 percentage points .
Companies with high returns on capital as well as low volatility stocks also outperformed their lower quality counterparts , by an average of 4 ( percentage points ) and 3 ( percentage points ) , respectively .
Debt will become a big issue .
Companies with a high percentage of floating rate debt stand to lose the most , Goldman said .
Outside pure stock plays , consumers stand to benefit as well through the rising dollar .
Savers could see gains as well through higher yields at the , though experts differ on how quickly that will take hold .
BBC Radio 3 is a copy of Classic FM says MP Andrew Bingham
Conservative MP Andrew Bingham criticised station for ' dumbing down '
Argues it 's becoming increasingly indistinguishable from commercial rival
Also took aim at the BBC Music Awards , saying they just rip off the Brits
Colleague Damien Collins MP attacked The Voice , saying that too was n't original
BBC Radio 3 is " turning into " Classic FM , a leading MP has claimed , piling fresh pressure on the broadcaster to prove that it does something that commercial broadcasters do not .
Conservative MP Andrew Bingham also told BBC bosses that the public service radio station appeared to be " dumbing down " and is becoming increasingly indistinguishable from its commercial rival .
" Radio 3 seems to be - I do n't like to use the word " dumbing down " - but it seems to be turning into Classic FM , " he said .
He also took aim at the BBC Music Awards , launched last December .
The BBC Music Awards which started last year seem to be the Brits by another name .
So , if you 're trying to do something different - those are two examples from the top of my head where you 're actually just mimicking what is already on the market , " Mr Bingham said .
BBC director general denied the charges , arguing that BBC Radio 3 is far ahead of its commercial rival when it comes to live music and educating the public .
What I learn from Radio 3 , I am not going to learn about classical music from anywhere else .
And it 's commitment to live music and music making is actually second to none .
" And also , Radio 3 's commitment to finding new music and commissioning new works I think is also really important , " he said .
Earlier this year , BBC Radio 3 controller Alan Davey argued that it has to work harder to engage audiences than it did in the past , because Britons are less educated about classical music .
However , Radio 3 was not the only element of the BBC 's output which came under fire for treading on the toes of commercial rivals , during the Culture , Media and Sport select committee hearing .
Tory MP Damien Collins attacked The Voice - the musical talent show which the BBC bought in from Dutch producer Talpa Media at an estimated cost of £ 22million .
Can you see why that programme is often discussed because it is not original and it is not particularly distinctive ?
Lord Hall insisted that the BBC1 show - which stars Paloma Faith and Boy George as judges - was produced " in a particularly BBC way . "
He added that he wants the Corporation to " find a hit from our own in - house stable " next time it launches an entertainment series .
However , he refused to rule out ordering more series of The Voice in the future , or spending licence fee payers ' money on other entertainment formats .
Internet sales increased at slowest ever rate in August and Black Friday may be to blame
First three months of 2015 saw seven per cent increase in online sales
Last month saw lowest growth rise since records began in 2000
Online sales bolstered three years ago by the use of mobile for shopping
Experts believe November 's Black Friday could be holding back spending
For over a decade virtual shopping has been booming and turning many of Britain 's high streets into ghost towns .
But experts say there are now signs that online sales are leveling off , after new figures showed just a seven per cent increase in the first three months of 2015 .
Total spending for August presented the lowest increase in growth since records began in 2000 , with just a five per cent rise on last year .
Experts say there are signs that online sales are leveling off , after new figures showed just a seven per cent increase in the first three months of 2015
' If you look at growth levels for previous years and go back to 2000 , it was always going to rationalise over time , ' Andy Mulcahy , editor of IMRG sales index , told the Guardian .
He explained that online sales were bolstered three years ago when shoppers started using their mobile phones to make purchases .
It meant more people were able to shop online and that people could do it in different contexts , such as on the sofa .
But now that is plateauing a bit , you might see ( growth ) fall away .
The Black Friday phenomenon , which has been imported from America , is being cited as one of the reasons behind the slowing sales .
Experts believe shoppers could be holding off making purchases ahead of the event , which takes place on the last Friday in November .
Last year five times the average number of shoppers flocked to their computers to snap up deals crashing a number of retailers websites .
Experts believe Black Friday , which saw shoppers fight over bargains , could be holding shoppers off from making purchases
Research published by the British Retail Consortium found just over £ 1 in every £ 5 was being spent online .
For some products , such as TVs and washing machines , more than one third of purchases are now done through web stores .
At the same time , more than a quarter of people are buying clothes and shoes online , rather than using high street fashion chains .
Muslims bury those killed in Mecca crane crash as Bin Laden family sanctioned
Bodies of 29 of the dead carried through the streets by Muslims as the first funerals take place in Mecca
Come as Saudi Arabia has partly blamed the collapse on construction giant Saudi Binladin Group
The Health Ministry said a total of 394 people were also injured after the crane crashed down
Carried aloft through the streets , hundreds of Muslims gathered to bury 29 of the victims killed when a crane collapsed at Mecca 's Grand mosque .
Dressed largely in white , mourners packed the route to pay their respects as the first of the dead made their final journey to Al - Moaissem cemetery .
The sad possession passed by the holy site , where just days earlier a construction crane crashed through the ceiling of the mosque and toppled onto worshipers .
The bodies were released for funeral as the Saudi King sanctioned the Bin Laden family construction group over the disaster , which also left 394 injured .
The bodies of 29 of the worshipers killed when a crane crashed collapsed at Mecca 's Grand Central Mosque were carried through the streets
Among the dead was father - of - four Qasim Akram , from Bolton , Greater Manchester , who was on his first pilgrimage when the crane crashed down .
Mr Akram had been in the Grand Mosque with his parents ahead of the start of the annual hajj pilgrimage .
Saudi officials have already vowed that the hajj to Mecca will go ahead with thousands continuing to descend on the city .
Today , King Salman said the Binladin Group should not have left the crane 's arm up when it was not in use .
An Arabic version of the decree , carried by the state - run Saudi Press Agency , said the Binladin Group was partly to blame for the collapse .
The news agency 's English service did not report that detail , but did say leaders of the company have been banned from travelling abroad .
Earlier this week Salman vowed to reveal what caused the crane to topple into a courtyard of the Grand Mosque , where hundreds of thousands of Muslims have converged ahead of the hajj pilgrimage later this month .
Binladin Group has not released any statements about the crane collapse and its representatives have not been made available for comment .
The royal decree also blamed the group for not using up - to - date safety measures and failing to coordinate with meteorological officials .
Dozens of cranes surround Mecca 's Grand Mosque , part of the massive construction effort headed by the Binladin Group .
The Binladin family has been close to Saudi Arabia 's ruling family for decades and runs major building projects .
Al Qaida 's late leader Osama bin Laden was a renegade son disowned by the family in the 1990s .
The crash came amid high winds and rain just days before millions arrive in the kingdom for the pilgrimage , which is required at least once in the life of every able - bodied Muslim .
Officials said 158 people remain in hospital .
Officials ordered one million riyals ( £ 174,000 ) be paid to the relatives of those killed , and the same amount to those permanently injured .
Others injured will receive half that amount .
B&Q boss says Eastern European tradesmen working cheap is behind trend
Britons are increasingly employing handymen says Veronique Laury
Number of skilled tradesmen from Eastern Europe behind rise
Resulting in 200 more Screwfix stores , aimed at tradesmen , opening
At same time Kingfisher is closing 60 B&Q outlets across the country
By Rupert Steiner , Chief City Correspondent for the Daily Mail
Britons are said to be putting down their hammers and paintbrushes in favour of employing skilled Eastern European tradesmen to carry out work in their home
If you are handy with a hammer or a whizz at painting walls , it seems you are in the minority these days .
Because Britons are increasingly employing handymen to carry out DIY jobs in their homes , according to the boss of the company behind B&Q.
Veronique Laury , new chief executive of Kingfisher , which owns the home improvement chain , said a big rise in the number of skilled tradesmen from Eastern Europe offering services at rock - bottom prices is behind the trend .
As a result , Kingfisher is planning to open 200 more Screwfix stores , which are aimed at tradesmen , while closing 60 B&Q outlets .
Mrs Laury said she wants more women to be employed in B&Q shops because eight out of ten purchasing decisions in store are made by the fairer sex .
Currently the majority of staff are men .
She said there was a need to address growing demographic trends which have seen more single female households who are doing more home improvements than in the past .
Mrs Laury said : " We still have a majority of men working in our stores .
We need to move more towards a balance .
Fundamentally half of our customers are female with 80 per cent of the decisions over items purchased taken by women .
Women play a big part in the decision - making process .
Mrs Laury , who is one of only five women at the helm of Britain 's FTSE100 index of leading firms , has also restructured her top team to reflect an equal number of men and women directors .
Kingfisher is almost alone in having exactly 50 per cent of its team staffed by women , including its chief executive and finance director .
Mrs Laury said : " This was a conscious decision - diversity is an important topic here .
It has not been difficult to find good women to put on our board .
Kingfisher posted a fall in both half - year profit and sales after the group shouldered the cost of shutting stores .
As a result of the trend Kingfisher , which owns Screwfix and B&Q , is opening 200 new stores
Officials from Aich - Dob in court for breach of trust
Two officials from the Austrian volleyball runner - up champion team Aich - Dob attended the Klagenfurt regional court on Wednesday to answer charges of breach of trust and tax evasion .
The defendants pleaded not guilty .
One of them had also also been charged with abuse of his position .
He was legally acquitted of this charge in May .
The current case was adjourned .
According to senior Public Prosecutor Robert Riffel , it emerged during preliminary investigations that in the years 2006 to 2011 the defendants used monies from the club 's accounts , to which they had access due to their roles , for private purposes .
The loss is estimated at around € 400,000 .
The sports officials are also accused of financial offences .
The Chairwoman of the Lay Judge Senate , Judge Michaela Sanin , ordered proceedings on this fact to be postponed .
It will be tried at a later date .
On the charge of breach of trust , the defence argued that the club had never at any time suffered any pecuniary disadvantage
The sports officials had only offset expense allowances , and brought the sports club for which they worked from 1982 to 2011 , and in which they had invested much time and money , out of debt - liabilities in 2001 amounted to around 600,000 Schillings ( around € 44,000 ) .
" At that time we were faced with the situation of whether we should continue with the club or close it down , " said one of the defendents , who makes his living as an auditor of large companies for the tax authorities .
With his colleague and co - defendant , he had then resolved to undertake this task .
With all the risks .
" We advanced money and deposited our life insurance policies with the bank as security , " he said during the examination .
It was agreed with the club that they had a free hand to manage the money , but they were not permitted to run up any debts .
Furthermore , if there was appropriate financial success , retrospective payment of the expense allowance back to 1991 was agreed .
As a result , a part of the expense allowance was paid off years later , that is to say from the year 2003 when the account went into credit .
This is why general and not detailed debit entries appeared , was the former chairman 's explanation for the processes .
The two defendants managed the accounts and passbooks together , said the second defendant .
The Judge asked why the payments had not been disclosed to the club in detail .
The club was not interested in details of the financial arrangements , it was only important that it should be debt free , was the answer .
When investigations into abuse of his position against one of the officers began in 2011 , a sum of € 120,000 was transferred into the club 's account .
Those were reserves , explained the defendant .
This securities account was run in the name of the two defendants and according to a statement by the club its existence was not known to the club .
" Why ? " the Judge wanted to know .
There was no answer to this for a long time .
Then he finally said that he had thought it would be best for the club .
Had something happen to him then nobody would have known anything about this money , the State Prosecutor put to the room .
The co - defendant knew about it , the official justified himself .
The purpose of the transfer was given as compensation for damages .
" Why compensation for damages ? " the Judge and the State Prosecutor wanted to know .
In response , the first defendant said that he had disagreed with this wording because no damage had ever occurred to the club .
But what can I do when the lawyer says , " This lets us all off the hook " ?
" Am I a legal representative ? " he asked .
The official carried on that he had never received a cent in salary , he had only charged for mileage and a per diem allowance .
The club had set aside € 1,000 per month for per diem allowances , which were in fact expenses which would have been much higher , he added .
The defendants were not able to provide accurate documentation for the earlier years .
This was no longer kept since an audit in which everything was properly assessed , they explained .
The second defendant had also obtained a mileage allowance .
All adjustments were made in cash , for which he had to drive from his home in Völkermarkt to the bank in Bleiburg , he explained in his statement .
The trial will continue on 23 September with the questioning of witnesses .
Hewlett Packard cutting a further 30,000 jobs
In addition to the job cuts that have been taking place for the past three years , the computer giant is going to lay off even more staff with the splitting of the company .
There seems to be no end to the job cuts at the US computer giant Hewlett - Packard ( HP ) .
As part of its restructuring , the US technology group plans to lay off between 25,000 and 30,000 staff in its corporate customer section .
This should lead to cost savings of around $ 2.7 billion ( € 2.4 billion ) , the company disclosed on Tuesday .
The step will lead to a one - off charge of around $ 2.7 billion , which will be incurred in the fourth quarter .
The reduction of 55,000 jobs which has been taking place for three years is not yet completed .
At the end of the 2013/14 business year HP still employed around 302,000 staff .
At the end of trading Hewlett - Packard shares had fallen by 2.3 percent .
The group based in Palo Alto , California , which initially grew through its printer sales , is currently splitting its business : this year the computer and printer side will be combined in a new company , separated from the the promising areas of computer servers and data storage for business as well as other services .
Both operations will be listed on the stock exchange .
Repeatedly disappointing sales of PCs as well as a slow demand from business customers for their services have recently afflicted the world 's second - largest PC manufacturer after Lenovo .
In the third fiscal quarter to the end of July , sales of PCs and printers fell by 11.5 percent .
Revenue dropped by eight percent to just under $ 25.4 billion .
This means profits have dropped in 15 out of 16 quarters .
HP responded to the changes in the industry with a split and massive layoffs .
The 76 - year - old business headed by Meg Whitman has been slow to react to the rise in customers buying smartphones and tablets instead of conventional computers and equally carrying out business more and more online .
Whitman 's plans for restructuring include around 55,000 job losses .
Conflicts : the majority support anti ISIS training mission
The majority of people , however , are opposed to direct involvement of German soldiers in combat operations in Iraq : 54 percent were against it , 35 percent have expressed themselves in favour .
Sixty - one percent reacted positively to other countries carrying out air attacks against ISIS in Iraq and Syria .
Twenty - four percent are against intervening in the conflict .
Fifty - one percent of those surveyed are against cooperating with the Syrian ruler Bashar al - Assad , but 20 percent were in favour .
Twenty - nine percent were undecided .
Cars : Second press day at the 66th IAA
At the centre of the exhibition until 27 September are interlinked , self driving cars as well as electro - mobility .
After two press days , Chancellor Angela Merkel will officially open the 66th International Automobile Exhibition , whose motto is " Mobility Connects " , on Thursday .
The general public can visit the IAA from Saturday .
The organisers from the automobile Association VDA estimate that approximately 900,000 visitors , similar to 2 years ago , will attend .
Röszke : outbreak of violence on the Serbian - Hungarian border
The Hungarian police have used tear gas and water cannons against several hundred angry refugees on the Serbian border near Röszke .
Euronews correspondent Dániel Bozsik witnessed the outbreak of violence at the border control point .
He reported by telephone :
A group of refugees broke through the border .
A line of police was formed behind it and behind the police a water cannon stood at the ready .
Between 40 and 50 refugees started to throw stones , sticks and plastic bottles at the officers .
At first the officers used a continuous spray of pepper spray .
Then the police used tear gas .
A lot of tear gas was sprayed in the direction of the refugees .
This caused the group to break up .
The group has now reluctantly withdrawn .
A pregnant and obviously injured woman has been carried away from the area .
Children who have inhaled tear gas are screaming .
Other refugees have slumped down together and are suffering from respiratory distress .
The press spokesman for the Serbian police also sustained injuries from the use of tear gas and pepper spray .
Decision time on interest rates for US Federal Reserve
The world is watching as the US Federal Reserve meets over two days on Wednesday and Thursday , to take the crucial decision on whether or not to raise interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade .
A survey of 80 economists polled by Reuters found a little over half who only last week thought the Fed would go for it , now think it will hold fire a bit longer and keep rates at the current 0 - 0.25 percent range .
It 's a historical event because it 's been seven years since the Fed cut rates to zero .
For the first time we are approaching a situation where a major central bank might be able to get out of the zero bar and start a process of normalization of interest rates , " said Angel Ubide , senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics .
The US economy has been performing relatively well , the recovery adding trillions of dollars to the balance sheet and generating little inflation .
However the Fed can not ignore the less rosy global outlook .
It has warned markets to be ready for a hike but indications are they also believe the odds are against such a move .
The decision is due to be announced at 20.00 CET on Thursday .
Delta State University shooter left note of apology
After shooting and killing his girlfriend in Mississippi on Monday morning - and before he shot and killed his colleague later that day - Shannon Lamb wrote a note to say that he was " sorry " for the first murder and wished he " could take it back , " authorities revealed Tuesday .
Police in Gautier , Miss. said Lamb , a geography and social science education instructor at Delta State University , called 911 around 10 a.m.
Monday and said he had shot and killed someone .
Lamb told the dispatcher that police needed to send officers over to his home .
He said " I shot my wife last night " and also mentioned that there is a " sweet dog " in the house that is " not going to bother anyone " but is likely upset .
Police asked the caller his name , but he did n't give it .
Lamb did not provide an explanation for the shooting .
When police got to the scene they found the body of Amy Prentiss , 41 , and a handwritten note from Lamb , 45 , that said : " I am so sorry I wish I could take it back .
I loved Amy and she is the only person who ever loved me .
After writing the note , Lamb drove 300 miles to Delta State where he killed Ethan Schmidt , a history professor , before eventually taking his own life late Monday as cops closed in .
University President William LaForge said he did n't know of any conflict between Lamb and Schmidt but " obviously there was something in Mr. Lamb 's mind . "
Despite reports Monday that Lamb allegedly believed Prentiss was also romantically involved with Schmidt , authorities said Tuesday that there was " no information , no evidence " of a " love triangle . "
Prentiss was described as a " good person " by Shawn O'Steen , who said he had been married to her for about seven years .
The two divorced 15 years ago , but remained friends .
O'Steen said he and Prentiss had a daughter , who is 19 , and she was " devastated . "
He said Prentiss and her daughter were " absolutely best friends . "
Prentiss worked an online job from her home , according to Linsday Knowles , identified as a close friend of Prentiss by the Sun Herald .
Knowles said Prentiss , who had a hound dog named Lightning , had been dating Lamb for about three years .
" She always wanted to help other people , " Knowles said .
Police said Lamb had phoned relatives at some point Monday to tell them " he 's not going to jail . "
When cops caught up with him on Highway 1 near Greenville later that night , Lamb pulled his car over , bailed out on foot , ran into the woods and shot and killed himself .
Lamb received a doctorate in education from Delta State in the spring of 2015 , according to his resume posted on the university 's website .
Stars who lost their mojo
The actor ( left ) , pictured with his son Redmond ( right ) , has had a stressful few years .
In 2001 , he battled leukemia , and in 2009 , he lost long - time partner , Farrah Fawcett , to cancer .
The actor has also reportedly struggled with drugs , and in 2008 , he was busted for drug possession .
All that stuff sure does take a toll .
Eurowings : Lufthansa reconstructing group
Lufthansa is planning a major reconstruction of its group .
The Lufthansa group will save half a billion Euros per year through improvements to the organisation alone .
Reconstruction of the group will cost 150 of the approximately 1,000 managers worldwide their jobs .
Meanwhile new negotiations are being carried out with the pilots ' union .
Lufthansa is reorganising the structure of its business and upgrading its low - cost subsidiary Eurowings .
The goal of the realignment is a contribution to profits of around € 500 million per year from cost and revenue synergies , the airline announced on Wednesday .
Among other things , Lufthansa in the future will have no executive board for the passenger business .
The Eurowings budget airline will instead be developed to become as independent as possible .
In the future , Karl Ulrich Garnadt will be responsible for Eurowings on the management board headed by Carsten Spohr .
With this new realignment Spohr underlines the importance of Eurowings , with which the group wants to compete against Ryanair and Easyjet in the future .
Up to now the organisation of the 120,000 employees has been extremely complex .
The airline is consolidating the passenger airline group , which provides three quarters of the annual turnover of € 30 billion , under one umbrella .
New negotiations with pilots
Following the strike which was halted on legal grounds , negotiations with the pilots ' union Cockpit ( VC ) in the pay dispute will be resumed on Thursday .
This was announced by the union .
Under discussion will be the pilots ' retirement scheme .
" In a year with record results predicted " Cockpit wants to come up with a viable solution as quickly as possible
The conflict between the union and the airline had led to a number of strikes over the past months .
Besides the pilots ' transitional pension payments , the background is the " Wings " budget concept .
It proposes that in the battle against competitive routes Lufthansa outsources to the group 's own budget airline , Eurowings .
Paintings by Leena Krüger are on view in the Künstlerhaus under the title " Morning Train to the South " .
The Finn , who has long been a resident of Göttingen , has assembled a selection of untitled works , which encourage viewers to embark on an intellectual journey , for the Weisser Saal in the gallery .
Manchester United 's Luke Shaw out for months with double fracture
Luke Shaw suffered a double fracture of his right leg during Manchester United 's Champions League defeat at PSV Eindhoven .
While this left the full - back in tears and will rule him out for at least six months , Louis van Gaal remains hopeful Shaw could play again this season .
The injury was caused by a reckless tackle from Héctor Moreno in the 15th minute after the 20 - year - old Shaw had burst into the PSV area .
He had nine minutes of treatment on the pitch and required oxygen before being taken to hospital .
Van Gaal said : " He has a double leg fracture and is in hospital . "
He will be transferred tomorrow or maybe a day later and then operated on in Manchester .
It is awful - a boy who comes to Manchester United at 18 , has it very difficult and then plays fantastically and then this happens .
When it was in the dressing room he had an oxygen mask on .
He was crying .
I am not a doctor but when you have a double fracture it is six months and he will not play in the group phase .
I hope he can play again this season .
Moreno appeared fortunate to escape a red card and the concession of a spot - kick .
Nicola Rizzoli , the referee , did not penalise the Mexican .
Van Gaal suggested the Italian official had erred .
You can judge for yourself when I say it is a penalty and a red card .
It was a very bad tackle with two legs .
A tweet on Shaw 's account read : " Thank you everyone for your messages , words ca n't describe how gutted I am , my road to recovery starts now , I will come back stronger . "
Related : Manchester United suffer Luke Shaw blow in defeat at PSV
The England defender will have an added incentive to recover with the European Championship in France next June .
Phillip Cocu , the PSV coach , said : " It 's a very bad injury . "
If any player goes off with this kind of injury , everybody is very sad about it .
It is never the intention of our players to injure an opponent .
Moreno suffered a broken leg when playing for Mexico against Van Gaal 's Holland at the 2014 World Cup .
" He finds it very difficult because the intention was not to injure the opponent , and when you hear it is a very bad injury , it 's not good , " Cocu said .
For me it was not possible to see the moment .
The only thing I could see was the ball , which was heading in a different direction , so it looked like he [ Moreno ] touched it , but I could n't see the tackle on Luke .
Speaking to SBS6 , Moreno said : " I know how it feels , I know how difficult such a thing can be .
I feel very bad about it , I am so sorry .
PSV 's Andrés Guardado was also taken to hospital following a challenge by Chris Smalling .
Surely David Cameron knows The Lorax better than this ?
It 's one thing any parent soon learns : when your child loves a book , it wo n't be long before you know it almost by heart .
Unless , it seems , you are David Cameron .
Asked by a provider of holiday childcare schemes to name his favourite kids ' book , the prime minister opted for The Lorax , the 1971 environmental fable by Dr Seuss .
It was a difficult choice , Cameron writes in a message published on the website of the SuperCamps company , continuing : " Funny , moving , creative and with a powerful message , it 's one I enjoy reading to my children because there always seems to be an image or a message that we have previously missed . "
All very well , except that the subsequent paragraph in which Cameron supposedly describes the plot of the book instead gives a précis of the 2012 film version , which added new characters and detail to pad out the fairly brief original text .
" Set in the walled city of Thneed - Ville , where all nature has gone and even the air is a commodity , a boy named Ted hopes to win the heart of his dream girl , Audrey , by fulfilling her wish to see a real tree , " it reads , chronicling a love interest unknown to Dr Seuss , real name Theodor Seuss Geisel , who died in 1991 .
If that was n't suspicious enough , Cameron 's submitted text reads in part like a plot summary of the Lorax film provided on the Internet Movie Database website , which begins : " In the walled city of Thneed - Ville , where everything is artificial and even the air is a commodity , a boy named Ted hopes to win the heart of his dream girl , Audrey . "
Given he is an avowedly hands - on parent , it seems unlikely Cameron is so unfamiliar with the book 's plot , in which a young unnamed boy hears how the local environment was devastated by the avaricious , tree - chopping , thneed - knitting Once - ler , despite the protests of the eponymous Lorax , a squat , moustachioed creature who " speaks for the trees . "
Most likely , such a relatively lowly PR task would have been outsourced to an aide , seemingly one who has never read The Lorax 20 times in a row to a child .
A Downing Street spokeswoman said the text was believed to have come from Cameron 's constituency office .
SuperCamps confirmed that the text was provided from Cameron 's staff , but had no further immediate comment .
Adam Lyth was clearly at risk of England omission but it 's still tough
Taking on Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates is a tough assignment but after seeing the squad England have selected for the tour , a repeat of the 3 - 0 Test series defeat suffered last time does not look on the cards for me .
I would n't rule out an away win , either .
Alastair Cook 's side may be less experienced than the one three years ago but there are good players of spin in that batting lineup and the collective mindset is strong ; they will not carry scars from 2012 , only a youthful positivity .
With the ball , Moeen Ali is developing as a spinner and Adil Rashid , even if he is an unknown quantity at Test level , represents an attacking option .
Related : Adam Lyth dropped from England Test squad and replaced by Alex Hales
The decision to omit Adam Lyth is obviously a tough one for me to analyse as his head coach at Yorkshire .
His seven Tests have been against two good attacks in challenging conditions and the simple but harsh reality is that cricketers are judged on output .
There were no question marks over Joe Root , for example , leading up to the announcement because - and I have said this before - players are their own best selectors .
A couple of half - centuries and Lyth might have seen his run extended but he was in control of his own destiny .
Hopefully if he punches out more runs for Yorkshire another opportunity will come along .
The England head coach , Trevor Bayliss , praised his attitude even when he was not performing as well as he can and that does not surprise me ; he is a team man above all else .
The question of how long a Test batsman gets to make his mark is a tough one .
Lyth got seven caps - like Sam Robson before him - while Nick Compton got nine .
Only Compton got the chance home and away .
The only gripe you could have was that England went for Jonathan Trott in the Caribbean first - when Lyth was in top form - but that wasted opportunity is in the past now .
Alex Hales comes in and he is a batsman I rate highly .
He is an X - factor cricketer , which we at Yorkshire saw early this season when he made 236 against us on a Trent Bridge pitch that was doing a bit .
He must at least be afforded the same opportunity as those before him but this will of course depend on the make - up of the side in the UAE .
The idea of Moeen opening the batting alongside Cook , which would get the extra spinner in while keeping four quicks , has been floated and it is not something I am against .
I do n't see why a strokemaker can not bat there and this left - hander has already shown he is one hell of a cricketer .
Moeen may not have done the job for his county , Worcestershire , but he has been a No3 for them and there is not much difference .
My old team - mate Justin Langer played his first 38 Tests at first drop before stepping up to open in 2001 .
He peeled off three centuries immediately and did not look back .
Zafar Ansari comes into the squad as back - up spinner and , in my limited dealings with him , he has struck me as very impressive young man .
People may look at his raw stats - averaging 31 with the bat and 35 with the ball - and think it 's a punt but there are not a heap of spinners putting their hands up and selectors have opted for youth .
He will learn a lot on this tour .
Away from the squad , England look to have made a couple of shrewd additions to their coaching staff .
The appointment of Mahela Jayawardene , the Sri Lanka batsman , as a consultant for the Test matches could be a masterstroke .
He is one of the game 's loveliest blokes , who will bring a wealth of experience having done it in all conditions and against all attacks .
Paul Collingwood comes in for the white - ball leg of the tour and will bring both energy and a ruthless streak into the setup .
I always felt he was born to be involved in international cricket , be it playing or coaching , and like Mahela has nous that can be tapped .
Sometimes new voices in the dressing room , even if the messages are consistent with what has been said before , can freshen up a side .
Colly 's Durham team - mate Ben Stokes is rested for the one - dayers , Root was given a similar break against Australia and I for one have no issue with this .
While not everyone will agree , the coaches and selectors do not set the schedule .
And you have to remember , like players , their jobs are dependent on results .
Such decisions are never taken lightly .
Brexit camp might win the day if economy is in doldrums by 2017
David Cameron 's half - baked renegotiation strategy for keeping Britain in the EU gets deeper into trouble with every day that passes , even without the election of genial Jeremy " Is it Yes or No ? " Corbyn to the Labour leadership , or the TUC cutting up rough over Europe on Tuesday .
Foreigners have their Corbyns and Nigel Farages too .
A European diplomat chum explained the other day that , sunk in assorted crises as the EU is - not all of their own making - some member states are fed up with Britain 's self - absorbed agenda of divisive concessions and disruptive treaty changes which they mostly do n't want .
In Brighton for its annual bean , the TUC decided it did n't want them either if they eroded social protection .
We could even call it Dave and George 's selfie agenda .
PM and chancellor rock up to summits or bilateral sessions in foreign capitals , take a photo of themselves in front of a famous local monument , with or without local grandee , then come home and say they are winning allies for reform .
It 's all about me .
My European pal , who wants an outward - looking Britain inside the EU tent - " Do n't leave us alone with France , " says Berlin - suggests that more short - sighted ministers and officials in some capitals have got to the point where they do n't care whether we stay or leave .
Angela Merkel , Germany 's cautiously level - headed chancellor , is an ally , but has been in power for 10 years and wants to leave office before it goes bad for her , as it did for overstayers Thatcher ( 11 years ) , Mitterrand ( 14 ) and Kohl ( 16 ) .
France 's François Hollande is facing re - election or replacement in 2017 .
He is a fading force too .
Poland may soon have a nationalistic government of the right , Spain one of the left .
It 's hard to see them breaking a leg to help the Selfie Brits , whose energy might be better spent preventing Scotland leaving the UK - something they do n't want either because most have similar separatist tendencies .
So some such ministers may even be planning to make deliberately unhelpful remarks , SNP - style , during the UK 's 2017 referendum campaign to hasten the Brexit process , my pal suggests .
" The renegotiation was a fix " and " Britain got nothing of value out of the renegotiation . "
The Europeans know to their cost how predatory Fleet Street can be and how EU - sceptic the oligarch press barons are , as they were not during the Tony Benn - inspired 1975 referendum which endorsed our 1973 entry by a ratio of 2:1 .
They may dimly remember Boris Johnson , the arch Euro - opportunist , making his name as an " EU straight bananas " Brussels correspondent in the early 90s .
For all his foolishness Ed Miliband knew who his enemies were .
They included the medley of tax - shy rascals , phone - hacking foreigners and pseudo non - doms who own most of our great newspapers .
Actually Tony Blair thought much the same about them , but realised that when you 're in a cage with a randy gorilla you have to pass the bananas to distract it from having you for lunch and again for tea .
In fact Miliband was more Blairite than Blair in opposing Cameron 's referendum wheeze , since Blair had conceded the principle over the EU 's aborted constitution , sunk by French and Dutch voters in 2005 who gave him a get - out card .
The press never forgave him that either .
But nice Jeremy Corbyn , who gave me a friendly pat on the back at Westminster on Monday - I told him he no longer has time to waste on me - seems to be in danger of re - adopting Neil Kinnock 's boycott Murdoch strategy of the 80s , a mistake then and now .
It may take time , but he must develop a coherent strategy to engage with the media , not with me , but certainly with Andrew Marr whose BBC sofa he vacated on Sunday .
Corbyn 's official position on Europe is what I will kindly call evolving .
He says he 'd like us to stay in a reformed EU .
Well , most people outside Ukip 's woad - wearing tendency and the wilder shores of Tory little Englanderism can probably say yes to that .
It 's what Hilary " A Benn , but not a Bennite " Benn said on radio and TV this week as the boy scout in him struggled not to admit that Corbyn 's appointment of abrasive John McDonnell as shadow chancellor was a bad idea .
It reminded me of the 70s , when his old dad struggled on TV to be disloyal to Labour cabinet colleagues without going too far and losing his cabinet job .
Hilary 's struggle was more attractive .
But fighting to stay in " in all circumstances " - Benn 's phrase - was not what McDonnell was saying , nor what JC told peers and MPs at their private meeting on Monday night , by all accounts .
Whatever the bottom - up , touchy - feely image Corbyn wants to convey - remember , he even touched me - message discipline remains important in the age of 24/7 TV and especially in the maelstrom that is social media , a hotbed of paranoia and betrayal .
It 's fair enough not to give Cameron a free pass on Europe , allowing him to take Labour 's support for granted in the referendum campaign , as McDonnell has said .
Simon Jenkins certainly thinks so .
But McDonnell and Corbyn 's basic equivocation about EU membership - consistent with their Bennite siege economy , anti - capitalist past - is no longer just a matter of esoteric discussion among leftwing dissidents for whom the narcissism of small difference is a central tenet of doctrinal squabbles .
As with his equivocation over Nato - Tom Watson is adamant that JC wo n't campaign to quit - foreign diplomats will be obliged to try to make sense of it all for their masters at home .
Why should Paris or Berlin waste political capital - they have suspicious voters too - on concessions to Britain when it may all be pointless ?
The US is already pretty disappointed with the Brits " feeble military performance in Iraq , Libya and Syria , even with a cost - cutting Tory government in power , as I was reminded at the launch of something called the British Influence Security Forum on Monday .
Experts criticise Public Health England e - cigarettes review
Claims by a government - funded agency that e - cigarettes are 95 % less harmful than smoking arose from a meeting of 12 people , some with links to the tobacco industry , researchers have said .
Experts writing in the British Medical Journal ( BMJ ) joined the Lancet in criticising the evidence used by Public Health England ( PHE ) in its report on e - cigarettes .
PHE published the " landmark " report last month , describing it as a " comprehensive review of the evidence . "
But several researchers have questioned the robustness of the data and pointed to links between some experts and the tobacco industry .
An editorial in the Lancet medical journal last month attacked the " extraordinarily flimsy foundation " on which PHE based its main conclusion .
Writing in the BMJ , two further researchers have questioned whether the claims were " built on rock or sand . "
Martin McKee , professor of European public health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , and Simon Capewell , professor of clinical epidemiology at the University of Liverpool , said : " A fundamental principle of public health is that policies should be based on evidence of effectiveness . "
They said the public would expect PHE 's claims that " the current best estimate is that e - cigarettes are around 95 % less harmful than smoking " would be based on a detailed review of evidence and modelling .
In fact , it comes from a single meeting of 12 people convened to develop a multi - criteria decision analysis ( MCDA ) model to synthesise their opinions on the harms associated with different nicotine - containing products ; the results of the meeting were summarised in a research paper .
McKee and Capewell said one sponsor of the meeting was a company called EuroSwiss Health , whose chief executive was reported to have previously received funding from British American Tobacco for an independent study .
He also endorsed BAT 's public health credentials in a sustainability report , they said .
One of the 12 people at the meeting declared funding from an e - cigarette manufacturer but not the funding he was reported to have received previously from the tobacco company Philip Morris International , they added .
The rationale for selecting the members of the panel is not provided , but they include several known e - cigarette champions , some of whom also declare industry funding in the paper .
Some others present at the meeting are not known for their expertise in tobacco control .
The meeting was also attended by the tobacco lead at PHE .
The research paper produced by the group " tellingly concedes " there is a lack of " hard evidence for the harms of most products on most of the criteria , " McKee and Capewell wrote .
However , none of these links or limitations are discussed in the PHE report .
McKee and Capewell said PHE 's claims that " there is no evidence so far that e - cigarettes are acting as a route into smoking for children or non - smokers " were premature .
Prof Kevin Fenton , director of health and wellbeing at PHE , said the claims in the BMJ had been responded to before .
He said : " E - cigarettes are significantly less harmful than smoking . "
One in two lifelong smokers dies from their addiction .
All of the evidence suggests that the health risks posed by e - cigarettes are small by comparison , but we must continue to study the long - term effects .
PHE has a clear duty to inform the public about what the evidence shows and what it does not show , especially when there was so much public confusion about the relative dangers compared to tobacco .
Nearly 80,000 people a year die of a smoking - related illness and smoking costs the NHS £ 2bn a year .
By spelling out clearly the current evidence - that while e - cigarettes are not risk - free , they carry only a fraction of the harm caused by smoking - we are fulfilling our national remit .
BBC should give up EastEnders , says former Channel 4 chief
The former Channel 4 chairman Luke Johnson has said the BBC should stop broadcasting programmes such as EastEnders and The Voice , saying its commercial rivals would " give their right arm " for hit shows such as the Albert Square soap .
Johnson said the licence fee should only be used to make the sort of programmes that are not made by other UK broadcasters .
He criticised the BBC for putting public service programmes likely to be watched by a smaller audience in tough slots against its rivals " biggest rating shows , and on channels such as BBC4 .
After the BBC 's director general , Tony Hall , said the corporation wanted to do more in partnership with other organisations , Johnson said he had tried for six years in his time at Channel 4 to do a tie - up with the BBC without success .
" I do struggle with the idea that the BBC commissions and broadcasts programmes that would clearly be shown by unsubsidised rivals , " Johnson told the House of Lords communication committee , as part of its inquiry into the future of the BBC .
If you keep the licence fee , which I 'm not sure in the medium or long term is a good idea , it should reduce its output at least to programmes that others are n't making and commissioning .
They broadcast The Voice in a prime slot because they want to gain as broad a support as possible for its future .
The idea that no one else would show that is a joke , it 's ludicrous , it 's obviously nonsense .
Johnson said : " I do n't see why a regressive tax should fund programmes that could be funded without subsidy .
The Voice is one , EastEnders is another , admittedly made in - house .
Frankly other channels would give their right arm for it .
I struggle to see how it 's public service broadcasting .
I do n't think that would diminish the BBC at all .
Johnson , a serial entrepreneur who led Channel 4 from 2004 to 2010 , said the BBC was guilty of chasing ratings " because of the ambitions of people who work there , and because they believe that is the best way to secure long - term support . "
His comments about the BBC 's most popular shows echo those of former Sky executive Tony Ball , who used his MacTaggart lecture in Edinburgh in 2003 to propose that the BBC sell off shows such as EastEnders .
Johnson said the BBC 's more niche public service programmes " go on to BBC4 where quite often you ca n't measure the audience but they fulfil their remit and they can argue when they go on their sanctimonious missions about justifying £ 4bn in licence fee income , " Well of course , we do all these obscure programmes that no one watched . "
They put them on a slot where no one was ever going to watch them .
On the licence fee , Johnson told the committee : " I challenge you to find a more regressive system in terms of who gets the best value from it .
