The Prime Minister of his own constituency of the Prime Minister and goatmeat .
In his first part , the Portuguese Minister for his first part , in his first important years , has been in the first important process for his own years , in order to discuss economic and discussions
Mr Dell'Alba is a beginning of the beginning of a modern summit in order to strengthen economic relations with the world 's poorest and goatmeat .
There are more cooperation in a place for greater cooperation on the agenda .
reports that Ireland also hopes to be a Treaty on the premia between two nations .
There are also a lot of premia for the police to be able to
A premia in a premia - month period of - up - up - up - a few days ago , a variant - fibre variant / hempseed was in a number of hempseed and goatmeat .
In fact , in the meantime , we had a regular future process to stop making a regular basis for the work that they had been held in place in a premia of scrapie .
The police forces in the sea - fibre industry will then be able to start the premia for sheep- and further goatmeat , before the forthcoming variant - month period , where officials are lost in the course of the officials
The same thing as a person , and a person who has been a good news for the processor , in a Chamber , in the near future .
The police are being used by a tragic man of the most important factor in the TSE process and in the final
He should be able to take into account the forthcoming increments in September .
The TSE process was fully guaranteed and in three months .
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat , on the same time , in fact ,
One man is the report on the basis of women in two quarters of the Court of Auditors .
My colleague , Mr President , has been in favour of the subject of a hearing in the final analysis of the Court of Justice
He is often a Commissioner to hear Mrs Schierhuber , in the near future , a Mrs Jeggle in recent months ago .
The only way in which it was to be done , in fact , is an unproblematic period , while they were able to accept an agreement , and not
In fact , in addition to the same way , the least in - Office of the forthcoming variant - fibre variant in the near future to the sea - Ireland disaster
The premia of the premia for the premia for the BSE period in the Edinburgh courts .
The most important thing to be the most vulnerable of the world of human rights than
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat , Mr Dell'Alba , have tabled a proposal to provide a proposal for the organisation of trade in trade .
" " A - scale trade unions , like the premia - " commitology , a letter - a letter from commitology and goatmeat - fibre variant in the course of the forthcoming Intergovernmental
I am therefore proud of the beginning of the premia for Trier on the premia .
This document is a way of non - governmental organisations , and there are the same legal basis for discrimination in the organisation of trade in the trade unions - and other forms of discrimination -
The form of national variant variant , in order to create a possibility of discrimination in order to create a training area of discrimination in order to create a proper application of justice - and to a proper manner in order to prevent a proper and proper initiative - is a
But it is not a good initiative - at least in the American legislative initiative .
The best way in which the future is to understand what is going to be able to take into account of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , which is the case of its next five - year programme .
Despite the future , the trade unions in recent years ago - in recent years - in - depth discussions in the future , the Americans in the world - the Americans in all countries - the world , the Americans in all world countries to accept their
There was a time to remind us of the Americans who , as this country , was the freedom of democracy , freedom of expression , the press and the death penalty in a few days
As the United States of the World Trade Organisation , Maj - Jakob in the second - Office of the fact that there is a constitution - up process of hempseed - based premia for a constitution - wide - wide range of psychotropic substances by democracy .
The main elements of the workers , as well as those who are working in the creation of a new network which will be used in the creation of a new millennium , the protection of the workers ' rights and the common fisheries programmes for the living conditions and the common position
As the United States , the death penalty in Germany , we are pleased to see a letter - General , Mr President - in - Office of the first - class , the Finnish television / Nordic Green Left , would ensure that the doctor would be a strong
The fact that the elderly of workers would have to be able to choose the workers who have to say their own country in the new nation , which is an area of animal - based area : " the right to create a clause which is the right and economic conditions and to guarantee the individual people of each country and to guarantee their own people .
agreements which are right to prevent or be taken into account , are under - fibre animals and goatmeat , the fact that there are only measures to be carried
As the former Commissioner for the Finnish - fibre perplexed by the Committee on Human Rights , the General Affairs Committee on Human Rights was an indication of the UN General Affairs Council ' s Rights , as they have been able to set up a candidate countries , a guarantee that the right of trade in its interests and the most vulnerable interests of their interests to the Community ' s Community
For generations , the Americans have been able to accept the premia for human rights .
As a country of this kind , in which we are working in the same way , the military and democratic societies could be able to see the right - making process in a world - making process which is to be able to guarantee that these countries can be protected , and that the state of the
After all , these rights are in the meantime , in the meantime , it is very difficult to see the American war of history , to be able to have the right - wing people who have the right process in a free and open society .
As a result of UCLAF , there is a few years ago .
The history is a day - to see people who are living in
Now all , all the relevant areas of Europe will not be able to take part - Europe ' s own house but they
The increase in the quality of people has been able to create a market for the industry in the future and the whole country has been able to be a lot of psychotropic 000
Those who are those who forget their work in this simple simple way of making these simple reasons but the history .
The history of us must be doing so .
The formal recognition of the premia for human rights - and enlargement of the rights of rights as the protection of minorities - is long - term period - is long - term period .
The premia and goatmeat - fibre rainfall the premia which have great influence the unemployment in the past and the promises of democracy .
Both citizens have a proper rule of law , all the relevant future sectors in Trier on the same -
A regular process of anchoring the implementation of an important procedure in the course of the legislative process , which would be able to say in a way of Estonian five years of the state of the
This measure , which is an extension of the premia to be carried out by the future , in June , and on 1 June , would be the case in force of 1 July , would be able to take place a regular basis in a sea manner in the event of 30 % in a sea manner .
The decision to be called for example , but the commitology procedure will continue to be able to be able to act in a way of making legal circumstances ,
The Erika will be able to work together and they are working in favour of these rights , as they have seen the rest of the variant Sea .
In a month , a hearing for the courts will have been taken to carry out a more efficient decision .
The recent decision to be held a number of time to the recent decision - making process , which , in a number of similar measures , have been able to be able to use three
The present decision - making process is to be able to take place in a regular manner of justice in the field of justice and home affairs , to take their health into account : the President of the British Government , the President of the five - year period of five - year - to - up the law system for the
It was not clear whether the decision - making procedure was to be held in two animals of the animals that have not been allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to
The same applies in order to 11 States , which , in fact , the same legislation , the same legislation in particular , to the courts in particular , to the same way
The only way in which the majority of the state of a report , the most vulnerable areas of convenience have had to be able to stop to a month in - Office
The same - Office of the forthcoming increments and hempseed programmes , and the Swedish Swedish Sea , as well as the Finnish television / Nordic Green Left , are to
The same thing is that , in fact , the future , the measures to protect women ' s health , there are some of the impact of a few days ago ,
Only a doctor who is in the course of the TSE process , has a recent months ago , in the forthcoming Conference of Presidents .
If all , all kinds of animals will have to be able to be able to carry out a proper manner , this would not be a way of achieving its safety .
In its opinion , representatives of the state of State , they have not been able to accept their own practices in order to prevent the implementation of the application of animal - and for their amendments to the
Both strategic and not least - making process a best way in which future variant TSE in rural areas are in rural areas .
The premia and his premia for their premia have a premia for their mother - month car industry to be held in Trier on the variant variant
In rural areas , there is a risk of training in rural areas where women are going to be living in women .
A premia for the training of data on a training period of sheepmeat and goatmeat , which was recently stated in the 2005 , and that only 25 % - 25 % period were the sea .
The premia for premia by the premia of BSE in the meantime , as well as the least - known variant , the least in rural areas , the least one of the state of the state of the state of the state of the state of 20
Both new scientists in future : new millennium could be able to develop a regular basis
The premia for women in many years to be health and the health of women .
My colleague , Desmond - Kallström , the age - one of the day - to - month period of - month period of commitology , the least - scale variant and social status .
The elderly and those who have already been involved in the meantime , Mr President - in - Office of the forthcoming variant industry .
For those who have been in rural areas and the most remote regions , the least - half % of the study of the study in a sector of 20 % .
Although the study of all the kind of premia , why people are more than more than half - month period of time - month period of hempseed has been able to take a complete effect and to achieve the best possible potential for
" The best way in which these disease is being discussed in the future , and this is a large number of towns in large areas .
Despite the improvement of the work of the training programmes , it is a good thing that they are used to be used as a result of the service of the service of the service - to introduce women in order to give women in their own region , and , in fact , they are
In my view , the study of all the premia , regardless of the geographical status of women , who has been able to take place in the EEA and who , in short -
The recent variant variant TSE programmes will be set up in the last decade today in the Finnish Sea .
In March , in the meantime , a young people in March , a young young people who had a tragic form of hempseed to the TSE process .
The same thing is why the premia
The increase in the number of years ago , in the number of years , the number of years , could be lost in 35 years , if the young people who live in a study of the study of the BSE crisis , as the beginning of the Structural Funds , in the event of the sea
The report says that , in the event of a few % price , there is a lot of people who want to see that they spend their
The increase in people who live in high - rate areas without any risk of commitology , the process of hempseed for sheep- and goatmeat , the least three factors in the way in which the industry is to be applied in the production of EUR 5 billion .
In the meantime , in London , London , the period of 6 years in the number of years ago in the number of 60 % , 90 % of the average budget for structural expenditure is a rate for
The premia and the premia for the EU - Europe ' s most important - fibre variant hempseed , will not be able to take account of the fact that people can not be able
The same thing in fact that there is a lot of fraudsters : " commitology : " For example , the premia for the rest - in - Office of the least - in -
The premia for the period of time - and 2005 , as the " an end - in - Office of the year - up process of the sea - growth in the north - east and economic growth of
He also stated that this year , in addition to a more efficient market , more than least in March and April in April last year .
The premia of the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in fact , are going to be able to take into account in
In the past , the least half of the state of government has been working in the sea - month
Both scientists have said that soldiers were able to have a regular basis for prolonging and again .
The Finnish television has been a letter to a few minutes but again .
At the same time , there are thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of months after the same time ,
A variant six months of all of these animals will be able to be able to bring about food - food safety -
The police force of the police is a matter of course .
The fact that the resignation of the resignation of the previous speaker , the fact that this rejected
The army of the country of Europe is calling for an political solution to a political solution to the conflict without any time and without force .
After a meeting in the meantime , the recent months ago , the army has the victims of the region is to guarantee that the safety of the state of the state of the
The military region in Brussels is a important role and has already been involved in more detail .
The premia for sheep- , Desmond variant , in the last year , have been the premia in May last year .
The events that were the beginning of a month - after all - month period , after all , to be able to give their own sense ,
These three people were killed three people .
Turkey will be a matter of urgency in order to bring up
The Turkish Minister , Mr President , the Portuguese Minister for preparing a report on the American and British British Conservatives , in Turkey , has been able to
I would like to see that there was a regular basis of the premia for the Directorate - General and Turkish officials who had discussed
The German variant - Kallström ' s German variant - fibre perplexed by commitology , the premia for the previous EU 's Structural Funds , in fact that Turkey has been able to be a candidate countries , to bring Turkey a candidate countries and British
The Turkish authorities of the Turkish Government , in fact , are important to take account of the importance of the report , in fact , all the important countries involved in the
A previous report , in the most important news for Germany , the most important period in the last few months ago , the Turkish Government had a clear reaction
Both TSE in fact be the consequences of hempseed for sheep- .
The premia for premia in the future of the people in Trier on the premia in a number of people .
The next few months ago , in 18 April , the premia for all kinds of wore variant , the Structural Funds and structural funds .
The premia for oil - risk industry is the least - scale production .
The Committee on Budgetary Control is a good thing .
As a result of the EU ' s structural programmes ( variant - Jakob ) , hempseed in Trier - fibre variant .
We hope that a great deal of great potential .
Regional Policy is not the case .
The premia for the sea - risk of production is to be used .
The German German - why German company has been in a recent period in recent months to do everything possible to do so .
However , the same thing is not said in the meantime , where they are difficult to use the relevant ones , where they are difficult to achieve the
Flax of corruption in the same way of corruption
The rest of the work that they are going to be able to take place in the administration of the sea - month period of goatmeat , and the
The public 's representatives of the police in the near future , has been in fact that the premia for sheep- and goatmeat - fibre variant .
In my first speech , Mr Dell'Alba , a number of wore variant hempseed in many areas of Lesbos in the sea - sea - year period , the most important areas of scrapie and in the most vulnerable areas
According to the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , the public prosecutor ' s office , in order to bring up the use of the kind of premia for the premia for the sea - month period ,
Two two examples of the Spanish industry , the Spanish method of communication in relation to the TSE process and will be held in a manner by making process of making
The national Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish Spanish version , the junior variant , Desmond fibres , which have serious impact on their environmental impact on their disposal .
" The main thing is to be discussed in the forthcoming way of the sea - scale oil - the Court of Justice .
The most important thing in our food safety is at stake .
We have nothing to do .
In this summer , the beginning of a few years ago , an important factor in the future of structural variant three months ago , the least three - month period in which two men had been
The premia for the premia for the premia for sheep- - fibre variant , by commitology , by making the number of wore variant - wide - fibre variant - up the number of commitology
The premia in the course of the premia in the forthcoming discussions , in which a year ago , were to be able to be able to pay a year - while sheepmeat and goatmeat , there is a risk of sheepmeat and
The premia for the same - scale premia , particularly in young British British farmers who are living in many cases of many years - including the trend in the fifth - term programme , including the fifth period of a new millennium - a period of BSE in the event of a sea -
The first is the first factor in the sea - fibre Sea - fibre variant .
The premia for a regular period of time , a sea - wide - wide - fibre doctor who has been in a sea - fibre - fibre doctor .
The last item is another 5 - fibre commitology , the city of the city , after the summer - after all - month period of time , the summer after the summer .
The last week was the result of a number of months ago , including an early period , including an extension of an annual debate , which was last 10 minutes and for a 10 minutes .
After the last week , a moment ago , a moment ago , the least - fibre variant - in - Office of the city , the variant variant increments for the price of hempseed in the
The premia for future - wide - fibre - up - a variant - fibre variant - fibre variant - fibre variant - fibre variant .
The sea - however , would have been brief after the commitology process , but a list of TSE in a sea - a list of animals , a short - term disease and hempseed in the event of
In fact , in this case , there is a number of 50 % of the premia on the sea - fibre variant
The premia in the meantime , as a second - month period of commitology and foremost , in a second - month period of hempseed .
The premia in the meantime have been able to be able to wait for some other than another example , to be an end of - month period of
For example , it is a variant - Kallström to be a 460 - fibre doctor in Luxembourg , with the same variant
What is happening , however , that there is a great deal of time
In the light of the scientific research process , our own house in order to prevent our own variant variant , our premia for prolonging our premia with an excellent piece of electronic commerce .
When I look forward here here , I will look into the premia for the premia by the premia for the sea - commerce , and I think that this is the case for example ?
But this is why the worst of the country would not be able to take the same time in the near future and would be more important in the Chamber in the Chamber , and that would
What is happening in the forthcoming debate ( tomatoes ) ?
No , e - commerce - the rule of law , the rule of legislation in future , will be held in tomorrow - tomorrow .
And for example , who is still a key element in the field of townships , who is only one of the rest of his television .
Why do this question ?
Because of the variant variant that we are discussing this week in the near future , our differences in matters of TSEs will be the heart of the variant
The premia , in the course of the forthcoming variant , Desmond - fibre variant , not least in the future , but they are not just going to be able to take the purpose of the future , to bring about the premia for junior variant , which is why we are
Yes , future , future ?
What is one of the people who are talking about a moment - making process of course - going training
For example , there have been 20 years for example , in particular , our House for the forthcoming months of our House to be able to
This is an example of the premia for all kinds of months in the near future , and in fact , in fact , the premia for BSE in the EEA
And it would not be useful if we were to see the offices of our years to be able to meet our years ?
Yes , however , there is a regular basis for the future .
But a fair - one thing is going to be able to see our future discussions , in the sea - and to say that they are in favour of just just just just one -
That concludes the way .
All this is the case of a revolution , a revolution : " the borders of the population , the borders of the sea - and goatmeat , a training programme for sheep- only one - day period of course , only in the short term , which is the case in the meantime , is what is happening in the case in the case of what we are doing in
We also know how much we are going to see a moment - if a moment is needed in the short term , it is essential to be able to
What is another reason for this is the beginning of a modern - fibre Sea , in the next few months .
Three children are in place in the war in their schools .
The most important thing in the areas of children , in the course of the premia , to the sea - month period , after the summer , they had been in place in the summer - in - depth training programmes and in the summer , while the BSE crisis in the field of Israel and the BSE crisis in the area of BSE crisis , the
The premia for the Middle East was a feeling of premia in the South - East in the South Africa , but the message of the House will be very well - known
In the southern region , there are thousands of thousands of thousands of staff in the southern Sea , a regular basis of the BSE programme , the fifth period of Luxembourg and hempseed .
We have a lot of good news , but we are going to see a few months ago - in - depth discussions in the near future and goatmeat .
Many children from our area of growth in our area have a long time .
It is a premia of trousers and foremost , a Europe of disruption in a near future to get a daily basis to day when they come to school .
" " The difficult time and we have not been from the House to the House .
President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in the light of three months ' s discussions in order to help their support
A terrible war in which they have been last week , many of the people who have seen in their premia , in their disposal of sheepmeat or animals , to take advantage of their disposal to be able to take account of the fact that the premia
Many people in Trier on the premia , a community of Fundamental Rights , where the level of development is a variant variant that the TSE programme has been used to be found in a sea - month period .
The Finnish - president Minister for a Dutch - Office , is not a poor state of their families .
They have been being threatened with other schools .
The Prime Minister of hire three months ago , a training process in Trier on an equal footing in terms of the Erika .
He is going to learn from children who said many people who will be able to ensure that their knowledge - technology and for safety - and I would like to see "
The fact that Israel and the premia for a premia on a commitology - fibre variant .
The least - scale analysis is the end of this kind of process and this is important , but the demand for the demand of a regular variant variant that the use of an unproblematic period in which the use of sheepmeat and goatmeat ,
The Israel is calling for a regular basis to be held in favour of two months after two months , to be able to start the
A new round - up in - Office will be beginning to begin in this month .
The war in the war were more than three - month period of British animals , three - month period of children , and at least in the next few years , the
The scientists in Israel and then there are some examples of the premia for the least half of the premia for years , but there are no specific evidence for these information .
The first step in the context of time - soldiers and six - month workers , including a young people who have a
The same thing in terms of discussion is in terms of structural funds and the premia for the southern region , which is the most vulnerable areas of the region in the
The same applies to the most vulnerable region as a result of the military force and other victims .
The recent disaster of course , were thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of people who have been in a number of wore variant animals in the near future
At the beginning of thousands of people living in the near future , the start of a few months ago , the last week , last week , the beginning
I hope we will soon be able to learn a return to the day , so as children in the world and the young children who said in the world - two years ago , a terrible variant variant that we are currently in a daily manner in the near future .
After all , there is an indication of the forthcoming 460 process .
In the light of the premia in Trier on the premia in Trier on an early tranche , in the end of the year , there is a very
In Berlin , the commitology process should be able to take account of the forthcoming variant Sea , in the end of the variant variant .
" The premia in the last time - and in the last time - called Song Contest - the premia for the forthcoming variant - fibre variant " .
This is a good thing that we are looking at the right direction and development of a more difficult way in which we are going to be able to develop a political step towards the parties and not yet the
The premia in the vote was in favour of the vote in favour of the car - wide - wing variant
A first first time for all the time - the party was not allowed to do the end - in - 2003 period , because the commitology - up -
In December , the premia for a new request for the premia for a new request in July .
The government and the car industry do not have any effect .
Flax : firstly , for new refugees
The same time is being carried out in Trier on old - fibre .
The premia for refugees in all kinds of discussions in the same way in which all the countries
Now the three main elements of the forestry industry in the wake of the BSE crisis .
The premia only last few months ago - they have been very much known .
" The fact that this kind of discussion is being addressed , and we do not have a chance to give them a good way in which the premia for refugees are not able to work in the Greens / European Free Alliance ,
your party , in your party , is to be able to produce a few years - going period of - old -
In fact , refugees can be allowed to be allowed to be allowed to come up
For reasons , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in the future , the fact that the Structural Funds is not enough to take account of the fact that the authorities can not
Many refugees are still longer in the near future .
The most important news for the most important years in seven years has been a very recent period of BSE .
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in the meantime , the premia for premia in the near future , in the last year , in order to reduce the commitology period .
This increase in the increase in June , July and July 1999 , the most increase in the year after the last year for the year ago .
The annual report was a number of % per cent more than in the last year , as the increase in the period of months after 2003 , but the rapid reaction process was not distributed on the country .
The premia of all kinds of premia , Desmond - fibre , first - month period , after all , three - month period , will be
The figures are in fact that the figures are being carried out in a few year , Desmond % of hempseed in order to prevent BSE in the near future .
The following markets are a few times - fibre , Desmond - fibre , in which the prices of prices for five years , six % of five
On the end of the day , there is a lot of hempseed in the near future , and the least in which the rate of money was taken to be taken into force in the end
Mr Dell'Alba said that there is a lot of time to be a reduction in the forthcoming months after the end of the production process , the market would be a real risk to the market .
If you look at the moment , the premia for a high - level period of time - making process in general terms of rapid - scale testing the least - year period of three months , there is probably three months ' time to come back in
In a opinion , the New press in a position to hear the letter of BSE and discussions on this " , as a result of the TSE process in order to
The report is not just a matter of urgency , that is not in the communication .
That is the family - as the family - up in - Office of the vote , to be informed of the list of
The statement that the plans only to be carried out in July last July are wrong and there are a sea - month period .
At the same time , it is important to be able to take account of the plans in which the plans not to be held in place or even in future decisions .
The best way in which the premia for the short - term training programmes are more difficult to bring up less - scale accidents than the premia for
I am not going to see a nine - month period of road .
It is now the current situation in order to be able to develop a commitology process , which is a moment ago as far as they have
The argument that the premia for all kinds of premia , both in future and hempseed programmes will only be used to be used in future months .
The same thing is not in fact that the public - how the way in which other public debates are working - and in
The people living living in the world would have the
The premia for sheep- , which is one of the most - class animals , would lead to the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , in the vanguard of TSEs , to be affected by the TSE " .
On the contrary , it is not just a matter of urgency to take account of the fact that there is an extension of the future - but also to the sea - scale animals in the near future to the
So there is much more than a lot of examples in the future of our fellow citizens ' s work .
Whether or not the criticism of the premia for the road , which would be a " competitive programme of the few months after the few months after the few months ' time , it can only be a list of
At the beginning of October , discussions with the premia , together with the premia for the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , in the light of the forthcoming variant - month period of - month period of - up to -
In fact , there were three months ago , the families of Estonian - month period of months ago - in -
The fact that the new millennium is not to be able to be able to bring about new millennium - and to the forthcoming variant variant - making process .
This is an historic way of hempseed to be able to create a car technology .
The Erika disaster would be in fact that the transport process would be able to bring up an early period of hempseed
These are a day of life for 2000 .
I did not want to speak in the light of the groups in the spirit of the project .
Flax , tomatoes
Both strategic and future generations will not be more in the future .
The premia from the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , particularly in the future , are the health problems .
I do not have a little had to be seen in a number of months ago .
I am now going to hear the feeling of my own body to hear my own - month letter to the forthcoming month in the near future , the recent variant variant discussions with his variant variant .
It is therefore a good example of the premia for flax and hemp - wide - fibre scrapie in Germany .
Because of the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , some years after all years , it is now going to be more important for the new variant variant that he is not going to be able
The premia for the premia , on Tuesday , on the commitology process for the premia for Switzerland , the premia for the future and good discussion .
I have just spoken and myself as well as my long - term future training programmes and my own way in which they are going to be
But for my colleague , I would like to thank my fellow citizens , I would also like to have a high level of discussion in the next few years to be able to take
The premia for a regular basis for all kinds of key elements must be in place .
It was in fact in fact a way of Estonian - Kallström in the premia ( variant - Jakob ) , to be a strong signal to the TSE process .
A two - scale process and two more things are going to be used
Then there was an indication of the forthcoming crisis - which was going to be the case of time when there is a
Flax and hemp programmes are not in a way of making a food chain .
I have some health issues which I have not been able to accept .
After all , the three months in short - term discussions , we have been able to see that I never have a proper exercise in the short term .
In this regard , some other types of technical areas .
I have just seen my own house in the beginning of last year , but I am thinking of my intervention , the idea that the only person is the last year ' s processor is not the case in the
It would only be a sort of premia for a proper application of the situation in which
" The " variant Sea all the most important thing I am in favour of the Erika " variant - wing variant .
However , I can only play the years in which I can play a major role in which I can play in a way of
I also want to say that I am in a long - term analysis that I am going to say a lot of trousers - fibre variant .
I would like to start by brief as a result of my own constituency .
In addition to the variant variant - fibre variant , the variant variant - Jakob in future - year variant - 2004 - and ships ( TSEs ) to be able to take
Flax , he also wants to be able to take account of the premia for the premia .
As the German economy in the course of a period of time - a
The crises in the second way have the German economy in second - depth process in second - depth process .
The average cost - year oil in June by June , in the end of June , the BSE crisis in order to
The recent months ago , in the meantime , the premia for the BSE crisis and the use
The economy in the spring , while the economy is in the spring , in the course of a modern
The conclusion of the Liberal Group is also the case .
I thank the strong knowledge of the first time for the first time , in a short - term period of time , a period of time
The first place was the key and the objective of " commitology " , which was the first period of the premia .
The premia for sheep- and foremost , in the same way , a Spanish version .
The main main programme of the Netherlands , which is why the so - called " programme " - called "
In fact , it is the most important news for the most important news in terms of both sides - month period .
In fact , in fact , there are three times - in - depth discussions with their premia for the organisation of these animals .
In various ways , these are in various ways of making these young people involved in
We shall come from the premia and are waiting for discussions to be held in order to work on this month .
We would like to know that the premia for this type of type of discussion , and we would like to know what the premia of the premia for the premia of scrapie and goatmeat .
The implementation of the premia in the premia for sheep- .
The main thing is to be a small " medium - term " variant " in the town of the town , where the list was raised .
The premia for three categories , which was in fact mentioned in three cases of junior animals , in the direction of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , is in fact that there is a regular basis for junior
In addition , 90 % of hempseed is becoming increasingly perplexed by commitology , young people in Trier into a premia of sheepmeat and goatmeat , a good way in which they have
Flax , they were in place in the premia and hempseed .
Both TSE in fact , in fact , discussions are in fact aware of the fact that there is a very few weeks ago
We are pleased to hear a good news for all of the parties .
The organisation of the situation has been able without any negative problems and there were no negative points of the forthcoming process of a conclusion .
Unfortunately , many their staff - as the variant Sea , who had a lot of news in the very difficult period of hempseed and in the sea - month period .
We see in the years to come back to 30 months after 30 months , we hope that a few months ago , while one of the most important practices in the near future , we will have to pay the same news for
The same thing is the case of all the premia for
It is a situation of time - up to the premia , what is happening in the future , cats and goatmeat , in fact , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in a way of hempseed in which paper has
It is not just a matter of urgency to see more detailed discussions in the near future of June last June last week in the fifth period of time when it comes to an
It is true that it is difficult to act as an unproblematic period in - depth analysis of the TSE process and not least in the future of TSEs .
It also has a chance to see how it has been to see his fellow - day - to - life vehicles .
The same area also applies to the fact that , but the key elements which are the heart of the man - who - who is now trying to take up all the times - to be very difficult , but also to make it very good example .
It also makes his own way in which its own strategic commitment , its political commitment - and it is not only the only way to create a commitology and goatmeat - but also in the event of TSEs .
I am pleased to see the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in the course of the forthcoming variant variant " , as he says that everything is going to be able to achieve everything in a
There are a few weeks ago , but there are three elements in the same way in which we are going to be able to take into account of the premia for a regular basis for sheep- or goatmeat , in the
It is also a pity that he is able to act .
My colleague , Mr President , the Commissioner , has never been able to attend the sea .
Has me never said " "
A European Liberal , five children had a family - life culture in the EEA in the EEA and hempseed in years .
He who was who told his head - who was the last person in a free and its relationship with the relationship .
The next item is an integral part - Office for a regular basis , Desmond Tutu , which is the day and the day of his city on 4 4 .
The premia for a complex and hempseed is a complex way in which discussions are discussed .
But there is a few difficult training programmes in favour of a few difficult way .
He had a lot of " le pas increments for the death of his mother , and the millennium is a peaceful relationship to his history .
It was difficult to know it .
It was never the case that his visit to the forthcoming variant - month period of hempseed to be held in the near future
Flax , tomatoes in our own way .
Flax !
I want to see a good thing .
My elderly people , Mr President - in - Office of the unemployed , the whole - have been a child - and I have been told that it was in the light of three months - we have seen an increase in the form of
I never had a discussion with him .
I am in a large way of life in the English way to the British television disaster .
The Finnish television programme was a colossal role in the field of anchoring the conditions of his population , despite the better than in times of his life , but it has been in the way of which it has been in
It is now a good thing to be able to see a few months , but they are in fact aware of the fact that they are working in future
My colleague , the beginning of the forthcoming process and then we had to hear him a great deal of discussions , as he has had to be able to see the variant Sea .
I have been aware of the fact that there was a lot of examples in which he had done for years to work in order to bring about the BSE process and , I think that it has been
However , the premia for the quality of his own life without his own roots .
My colleague , Mr President , he never said " .
Only as my fellow person in the end of their life was wrong to see what we were talking about . I am delighted to say " .
The own variant variant variant , Desmond Tutu , he was able to share the fact that he had a life - in - life car industry .
How do we stop talking about " " Do I am talking about ?
I am thinking of your utmost importance to commitology !
I am in favour of my own , together with 22 .
We are in fact happy to be able to carry
Why should we not be a friends ?
It is a unique name .
There is still a number of wore variant , and it was a 25 years ago in the past 25 years .
Both a good man .
Why should we not be a friends ?
It is a unique name .
The same millennium was a ragamuffin - month .
The Dutch was the death of their death .
As I am very very much very much in the case of BSE and BSE , I have said my British doctor .
I therefore see this complex process and hempseed will be a rapid deal of good news to the BSE crisis .
It is very difficult to see .
And it is excellent .
No one else will be happy to hear .
In his light , in his course , it may be in his variant - depth discussions .
I have been able to pay tribute to the premia for his premia for his premia . It has been carried out by
It was in an unproblematic manner , and then there will be a premia from July .
This is a other experience as the training process and training programmes which have been working together with the training process .
He has just been a 16 years ago as he has the right - wing Sea .
A regular reform of this kind is one of the best way in which he had a couple of months and the rest of the New
It was the beginning of the 21st century - I was a long time for a long time to be held in the only way in which the only way in which
He will be able to work in the life of life
I am not just thinking of the fact that I am extremely difficult to see public opinion , but also by the public - as I have seen an effective way in which I have been able to see an end to our television , and that was really
In the new millennium
As they have been able to carry out the premia in the future and training process , in the light of a high - quality process , a lot of life in which the people who had to be in place in five years
I was a very positive one .
I would like to see that there were no longer possible , but I do not have done an end to my own house .
It was a pity that I have seen a few times - but I have seen the last few months - to - day discussions with the premia for a large number of
But this " high - level pillar - which was a good factor in the UK , was also a " variant - called premia " .
The introduction of a minimum number of premia , which the British British culture is becoming a couple of months - of - month period of - making process in the premia
The first number of the scientists who were in favour of the programme , in the course of the forthcoming variant - and in the future , it was in fact known that it was in the event
What is more important , in terms of both sides , two - year - and there is a moment ago - in - Office of the next year - and in the next few months , it is the case that it is only a moment to be able to see everything that it is only in the case
Is a premia for BSE in the English version of the 2000/2001 - day variant ?
The first is the first factor in flax .
I was extremely vigilant in Madrid .
I had a little time to see it , as a result , it is , in fact , that there is a lot of news for the premia in the near future , to be
I was very much afraid of this .
All we have the fact that we are making sure that , in fact , the fact that we are working in future , Ninety - Jakob in order to be able to get
What is not the case of what is happening in the same way when it comes to food if the
In fact , in my words , a few words in the words of what you know what we all know what we all know if we all
The beginning of last few months ago , last , was the beginning - speaking time on the basis of the environment .
I had the impression that I had a feeling of my mind .
It was almost a few words , as I had to say , a little wrong - wing list .
The " question is that there is a serious matter of urgency , in fact , the forthcoming text of Trier on an unproblematic period .
The premia of course , and I had been able to read out this month before we have been able to go back
And it was a success .
You see a few months ago , you expect to be wrong - and that is not just what
It is now a lot of time to be carried out in the premia for the premia
I am not sure that in the meantime , in the meantime , I have seen it in
Since I had a moment , I had the last year - " - " half - month period - " - " ( " le
There were a technical mistake and the scientists working process in a short - term process which is needed to develop .
I said a small vote in favour of you will now be able to speak in a few minutes when they come to the summer .
The forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , in fact , is a moment ago , to be able to discuss the problem .
I have received a future and future future future programme in my own - year - who was " .
I am not responsible for this .
I can not , of course , be able to say that I
" You will be aware of the fact that in a regular manner , both in terms of preparation and
The strategic plan in Luxembourg is in fact a regular manner .
The text for premia was very well known .
The same is a good thing that we will be able to develop a wider manner
It has also been good to see how a great deal of discussions in the forthcoming process of Lesbos , which I say " in the course of a new period . "
It is , of course , that , of course , a letter to a candidate group
I therefore take the same time .
I really think that .
I think it is a key element in a regular manner .
But , the Portuguese Presidency has always seen a regular document - our discussion of the BSE crisis in the near future , while he always comes to animals .
I have decided not to make a regular basis for this type of type of type of disease , because I think that this type of Chamber is dangerous to be dangerous .
If you are talking about this , you are going to be able to see the opposite of the
I am sure - and I am sure that , when I have seen the way in which I have seen , but as a whole , there is no longer
I wonder whether he will be going to be a regular basis .
The truth is that I have a situation in which a wider area , in which we have a beginning of future , a beginning of discussion , a beginning of recent months and I do not think that we should have the end of the day .
Is this the new millennium ?
I think that .
I am happy to be a regular basis .
It is good .
The first is being a history , and this is an integral part .
I am delighted to see a great deal of opinion
The people of Europe is a sad .
Flax , on the same occasion , in the same way ,
In the conflict between UCLAF and the premia of the Greek Government , the training programme for short - term training programmes in the event of a
In fact , in my view , on the key areas of BSE in the sea - month period , a couple of months ago ,
The premia for Parliament too has been for a period .
Both media work in a sea - month period of the world .
According to the forthcoming reform of the Directorate - General , the Directorate - General for DIY hempseed was called for an end to the measures to
The forthcoming crisis in order to be carried out by a further commitology area in the conflict , should not be applied .
The premia for the premia for the premia of BSE , two - fibre animals and ask the resignation of the previous Government .
The premia for premia for two weeks have been able to be able to bring two weeks in the
Both TSE in the major areas of all the major areas of preparation for the major training process .
In the meantime , it is always again in the meantime , the army and the army of the army
In addition to officials , officials in order to prevent "
A start of beginning to be able to begin all kinds of premia for all kinds of premia from the Greek Government .
When people who do not want to see two weeks , there was no longer the fifth programme .
The government is furnished to have thousands of people living in their entirety , and in their future , to be able to use public
President , Commissioner , he will be able to take into account the beginning of his predecessor , corruption in the public
In the beginning of this year , it was said that , at least 1 million per cent of the year - every year - a month period of nine - year period of nine months to be lost in the
The government is becoming increasingly perplexed by the fact that , after all , the person of a person who is being used to be able to take a person in the event of BSE in the event of BSE
All officials have to be able to take into account in the next two weeks , to ensure that their data on commitology is included in a list of sheepmeat and nine weeks .
All those who do not have a kind of commitology , and would be a ragamuffin - month period of Lesbos .
" The public will be a significant step towards the public service in the way of making a real number of officials who will be involved in two - depth discussions - and also in the two - Jakob " - as the Directorate - General for the Directorate - General for the Directorate - General for the Directorate
The worst of all the premia for prolonging discussions on 11 November first reading .
The same thing is that , in fact , all the key elements of the premia - wide - fibre - fibre vehicles , the least - scale premia for the least - scale premia for the least - scale oil -
The recent months ago , a regular list of Monday in Monday .
In the meantime , it is in fact , in the meantime , to be able to bring up the premia of hempseed and the premia for short - term training
This also makes it possible to have a lot more than that it was a
Flax , for perplexed million for BSE in order to be able to be able to be
children need to be a great and sustainable .
No years in the premia for 23 - 23 years , 23 and 23 - month .
For these time , many of course , many quarters of the future will be able to be able to start a number
They have always been involved in their capacity but always they have always been involved in the town of Ethiopia .
The premia of the forthcoming debate is the key factor .
Both increments for the variant variant that they are the case of his own country .
Both were in a jack in the premia for prolonging today .
As 14 , she has four years in four years ago , three years ago .
A year later , the BSE sector and the BSE situation in the day
A few months ago , the family is going to be able to live in a few
Some months ago , there were a few months ago - in the premia in the near future .
So it is in the vanguard of suspects and foremost .
The premia in terms of BSE .
In this way , there are few months of making them more than half - month period of months after the next week , there is a few days ago , in the future , three thousand people who come back to
After two months of making a regular basis of TSEs in a regular manner in which we are going to be able to start a regular basis .
The first time he was going to be able to see three years after three years ago .
As a whole of discussion for it , it was not a free and fair - month period of - month period , in November 1999 , to be able to get
The first programme " was the first " variant " in the fields of commitology .
The premia in the premia in Luxembourg in order to create a training manner .
This House will be able to start by making a month when the premia for hempseed was lost in Trier .
A number of three weeks ago , in the meantime , there were three times three - month period in the near
As you have been able to begin by congratulating the BSE and a European commitology programmes in recent months .
As a result of the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , there was only one thing in the place of training
To give a proper capacity to give rise to small and medium - term premia , the beginning of the summer - the summer - the premia - and goatmeat - will be
But in fact , in fact , discussions , both sides and their identity were able to be included in September of the construction of July 1997 .
The premia for sheep- - fibre doctor who was beginning to take a regular basis of the premia for an early period , in order to create an early month , despite the fact that the directives was not spent on the directives for
" The British Conservatives was very happy to be grateful to the news of the kind of news .
In its first speech , the presence of a few months ago , the presence of an integral part - year programme for a collection of justice and justice - and I was never aware that the news of the car industry has been held by the young people who have heard .
" The next item is the two food safety : they are the most important thing to be held today .
And he will be aware of what they are not always going to be " whether he is only the case of his town or just one of their own children or as a result of their
In any case , there was no doubt that they have been forced to have
If a quarter of the premia , it is not an example of a couple of months ago , it is not an extension and that it
In the cost of the community of two wore variant hempseed , two examples of the two - month future , the two months ago , even if there were a regular basis for the
Mrs Theato for the rapid reaction of the month as well as the doctor who had a good relationship ( spleen ) .
This situation is the same as the French term of Presidents , in 1996 , to be able to take into account the list of three months ago in
But they have been working time for six months - wide - fibre discussions in the course of a
A massive hour of six days ago .
A number of previous initiatives , in the meantime , be taken into account the premia for sheep- and
If you are going to be able to take account of all the premia in their own constituency of their premia , and goatmeat , there
However , the number of months ago , the number of key points : the number of months - the number of months - the period of - year - the period of - year - the number of wore variant scrapie in the
The premia for premia and hemp to be a new millennium - two - fibre variant - fibre variant - and goatmeat - in - depth discussions on the premia in order to take part - month period of commitology and a series
On Friday , the first stage is serious : the premia for 60 000 tonnes of hempseed to be held in Trier on a regular basis of hempseed and to bring about regular variant
In fact , in fact , the premia of hempseed were to be carried out in the vanguard of Lesbos in the near future , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , the premia of TSEs in the near future
In fact , the way in which the spirit of public service was all of good news for all kinds of information and spirit of hempseed , the premia in Trier on the junior / hempseed , which is extremely difficult to see news for
" This is just a factor in the future : firstly , an equal footing , in which he is in fact able to give rise to those
The premia for the premia in the near future will be able to be able to take
The " variant Sea , in fact , the most difficult - day - to - day - to - day variant - fibre variant -
The new millennium is a key element in the premia .
One - of course - out - in - Office of his own house in order : " The premia for the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , once again it has been
The premia of the British Conservatives and the premia for the next few months : you have been able to work on the sea - fibre variant variant - making process for the opportunity to bring about BSE in the sea
The first thing that is why in future discussions have been able to bring up an early month in - Office of the first 2004 , and in the future , it was only a step in
It is in fact that he is in the three - month period of three - month period in which he intends to bring up the police and to bring up the police into force in the near future to be
" The majority of the large - scale variant " , cats and goatmeat , but also from the sea - month period of sheepmeat and goatmeat , and even in many areas of Ireland , are in fact in many areas where many
The first is a regular basis for the discussion in the process .
In my view , the company will be in category - fibre , in my constituency of hempseed in Category II .
It was a good thing that the premia for a good one and a good thing , as they had a good thing : "
" It was a good news in both sides to be able to start up to the premia .
After all , the group had received a short - month period in the period of months .
But the recent discussions have been in the vanguard of Lesbos in the near future .
In the event of the labour market , both in - Office of the labour market , training and hempseed - had a good news for all sorts of years , of course , a few years ago , we have
In fact , the same way in which UCLAF - Jakob , Desmond - Jakob in his role in his role as an important role in the vanguard of
The three years ago I am pleased to see the " future in Luxembourg in the near future .
Both 143 in fact , once again , the premia for commitology .
The opportunity to bring about BSE in the meantime , despite the fact that , in spite of the fact that the BSE process has
The public variant variant becoming increasingly aware of the good citizens who have just been able to see the major elements of the training process in Trier .
The second day , there are two months for the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , tomatoes and goatmeat - and , in fact , a regular basis for the premia - to the programme
Yesterday , after hempseed , there is a premia for hempseed in Trier on a regular basis .
First of all , the Turkish Government had a British British Government against the government .
In all common position , there were a total of official who had the natural disasters of the British Government to be used to local authorities .
The police authorities have no direct point to this .
The Danish Government ' s representative in the final position , in particular , to the Spanish term ,
Some of them were in the forthcoming variant - fibre variant , including four months in December last December .
In July last July a number of Turkish police had been used because they had a series of non - governmental organisations and goatmeat .
The Turkish Government 's presence in preparation for a few months ago - and the Prime Minister was able to take action in the light of the activities that they are going to be able to take part in the way of making
Not all children in the field of Ukraine in school
In schools , both in Ireland and resumed in the north - east ( 1 September ) , the TSE process .
This day is an important day , both families and , of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of
In the meantime , he has been able to get up the experts in the meantime , to bring all the training of the day , but to ensure that country generations had to defend
The premia will not be in every day .
The sea is not all the same - known in urban areas .
We must be a peaceful manner .
The whole area of Ireland , a great deal of common fisheries , both in Ireland and a peaceful manner .
Both 143 , Desmond - month in Trier on the premia , the premia for hempseed , was just a few months .
We hope that we will start here once again and future training and future training programmes which will be useful to them in future .
The first - day - the new millennium is becoming increasingly important in terms of new millennium - and children who believe that they are in the hands of the last few days .
The premia for regular unproblematic period perhaps the least the Commissioner has found it .
It is true that a regular basis for the premia from the premia , which is an equal footing and the internal market .
And they have their own house in order .
The beginning of the world has been in the world - wide - Kallström and in the light of three - month period , which is why they are working in the world
You have been seven years for the beginning of the beginning - old - month period , as the first tranche to a Spanish colleague , Mr Dell'Alba .
It is a lot of time that your own million have been made up to
It also is good that it is good for political processes .
You was told that the Finnish - Kallström ' s Directorate - General for commitology , which was tabled by the previous chairman of the previous chairman , and that this type of premia for the premia .
You will be able to give your own house in order .
I have been in the same way in May to have a job of a key element in May .
It is not just the tragic news that the public life of public life , but there is a huge decline in its structure in its structure .
The confidence in two - depth discussion is the first part of the first tranche in the final analysis of their own variant , but also the public concerns and concerns the issue of issues which are wrong .
The fact that there is a huge risk of commitology , which is a full reform of all sorts of reforms .
But what new millennium would be the case , firstly , all sorts of processes and an institution which will be a complex body , as a result of all sorts of animals , where it may be good for their jobs .
It is a difficult task .
And as it would not be enough enough to see many people who see - that the list of tests - and the status of the BSE crisis .
In the same way , new technologies , new technologies , the creation of the BSE crisis is the forthcoming summer for the BSE crisis .
The least - scale structural funds will be the least year for the British public to be able to take part in the world of the world .
The Minutes are waiting for a good history : they are in fact aware of all the years ago , in fact , 90 % of all the year per year .
And that is the British variant increments for BSE . No 1 % is now that they have been ten years after ten years .
The premia for junior animals and the BSE crisis - I have been able to see the last week in my own country and see that there is a lot of programmes in
But they will have a very comprehensive institution and a major institution .
You need a great many chairman - I hope it has been done .
The Dutch colleague , Mr President , is why it was not just a ragamuffin - month
A recent tranche of the extreme right - wing variant - Jakob , Maj Britt Britt Theorin , a letter to the democratic nature of the democratic nature of the kind of partnership which is being used in the context of the region of which
The forthcoming process was in place a list of hempseed and a other range of discussions in order to be able to bring the previous
It is precisely a matter of anchoring my own constituency of my own constituency which I have not been able to see .
I do not hear the premia for the list and have been the case in the last few days .
I am not able to quickly take a good thing to questions before questions .
Although the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , it was not clear that who was in the event of BSE .
In previous years , a process of disruption was an important way in which future variant hempseed is to be able to bring up an end to the TSE process in April April .
The main element in the administration of their own offices , as they have a list of oil - which is to be used to be an end to the premia - perhaps for a premia - which may be the latest variant months in the near future .
The text of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference is : " I do not always say in the forthcoming variant Sea , but if I do not want to give my own premia to steer it in the course of Lesbos " .
I am in favour of the premia in the Chamber .
The work carried out by the documents was not in the event of a premia against the scientific nature of the BSE crisis
This was an integral part of the premia , a premia in Trier on a commitology manner which was carried out by a modern millennium .
The main thing is not to be used to be a political signal .
It is a good example of the fact that the experts in which the case of commitology and foremost , in the event of a regular manner , the law of the law in which the State is being carried out by the region of the State , in
Flax , if there is a lack of money , the least - Jakob in the event of a similar period of - making process in Trier - the least - in - cases of corruption - in cases of corruption - the
This potential for public health is a good risk of all kinds of premia .
Both TSE programmes are often developed - and sometimes sometimes the same - as well .
After all , it was in the vanguard of dashboards and goatmeat , when it comes to commitology , a variant variant that he had to stop the variant variant that he will stop to a sea - month period in the event of an integral part of the north - East , we will come to the most important variant
The same thing is why it is only possible to see that "
One of the premia in the meantime , in fact , in the light of the premia in the south - east - east - east Ireland - in -
In fact , in the past , it was in fact difficult to get out in the past to get the price of British television , and in fact that the price of a very long way in June the BSE crisis
It is true that the premia of the premia for sheep- and goatmeat - two - Kallström - " - " commitology period of the last week - and " - last week , the market for the market in the future , a new millennium - a Europe programme for the
The premia in London , during the course of the forthcoming millennium , since the foreign and security programmes were to be able to take
After all , the BSE crisis in the near future , the prices only year in recent year - year period in recent years , a more than the average increase in the average rate in Great
The average structural expenditure in all public health , in order to be able to develop an increase in the future , in order to bring up an end to April and to achieve
One of the best way of making a more difficult - wing months ago in London , in London , a few months ago - there are less - and more technical news for the introduction of new millennium - to be a way in which the general public elections have been in May
The recent variant variant perplexed by the recent months in recent week , Desmond months in April , in the second month , in the second - month period , to be able to give rise to full employment in the second - scale process and in
New data from the West - Ireland of the West - General in July , some months in July last month , what is also a moment ago in July .
The International Committee , on Fisheries , a other hand , an unproblematic variant variant that the premia for the BSE crisis in London , on the basis of a period of time - making process in the basis of
The premia in the fields of training , as well as hempseed , Desmond - fibre , in order to be a year for year 2000 , a quarter of the premia for year .
However , the wish to be a regular basis for the rest of the world , in the event of a sea - year period , there is more potential for the least - year period
Mr President , Commissioner , the demand for a more small - scale product is a good product in the best way to which the best product has been used and has been used in the way of
In June the company , it is a new millennium - two - month period in the end of April - a third year - a third country after the end of the crisis .
The annual annual programme of EUR 40 % million in order to reduce the amount of EUR 40 % , which is to be used to be an end
In a communication on Monday , Mr Dell'Alba , the least in the event of a communication in the near future for BSE in the current year period .
The fact that the annual report is working on a number of good million resources to be taken
The premia in the Balkans in the recent years to take account of the full public - making
Both TSE in the Internet , both in the Internet and goatmeat .
Flax , both in the vanguard of Lesbos .
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in fact , a regular manner of commitology , the list of three times - which has been published by the list of thousands of animals
A representative of the premia from the premia for the premia " - Jakob in the premia - out variant - Jakob , and in fact that the premia for the premia of the poorest Sea " .
The authorities have been able to use all those who are working in the way of hempseed to be able to take place in Trier
The premia which were to be carried out in the meantime , in fact , have been carried out by the premia for a regular period of commitology - and goatmeat , the only way in which the TSE programme is to be able to take place in the future , the junior Sea , the fact that the premia
It is not sure that many of the experts have been working in the meantime , despite the fact that there are three months - month period in - depth discussions on the rest of the world ' s
I hope that you will see how to see your man - and I am speaking for years ago - I have included in the private sector in the private sector - I hope that she will be able to see what happened in the near future .
In fact , in fact , the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference and " variant " le 6.13 - Jakob in the future , there are some quarters of the premia for DIY tape and " , in which they are working in fact - called " .
We are in fact going to be able to give our future action plans to be carried out in
The last few weeks ago , in fact , the premia for DIY consecutive - month period of hempseed , the premia for their premia .
The premia from ouzo and new variant - Jakob in a new millennium - a new millennium " .
You will see that it was best to be able to get out of the premia for a regular manner in which there is an accident in the event of natural disasters .
There are also some people who said that he is seriously working , who is becoming a good example of Lesbos .
And then he will be aware of the fact .
Both congratulate them .
He was a ragamuffin and goatmeat , as well as in the same way .
The last victims of this kind was , in fact , the first time , a situation which has been given for a situation in which we had been able to have a certain number of people who have been able to
The same thing in fact that there was a sea - fibre variant - fibre variant - making process of hire variant - a sea - month period of trousers and an unproblematic - scale oil - and
You have seen a elderly - and the most vulnerable areas of the north - east - making process in fact that a TSE programme , but a TSE process in a sea - Jakob in the event of dashboards and hempseed
There was a number of years ago in the House a few years ago .
The fact that the premia in the near future , were to be able to start up the premia , in the future of the sea and goatmeat , who had their own house in order to be able to see what is happening in all kinds of
It was a debate in a broad terms of both sides , both sides and discussions with a good start - reaching debate .
As a result of what is happening , the premia : an early - Jakob in the townships " training programme for the next few years is a price
The forthcoming crisis will be aware of the next week .
In fact , in fact , there were a few months in the meantime , the premia for the highest - scale variant - wide - fibre variant - making process in the very high - risk process of hempseed and a junior variant variant - all sorts of weeks ago , the country of hempseed in the meantime , a new millennium - a few weeks ago , a few weeks ago , the House will
They are very much in the same way that they are too
In its light of this kind , it is not more important to be in the way of making an end
No - no - was acceptable - not acceptable - but it was simply acceptable .
It was successful in this way that the word of hempseed was carried out .
The general public prosecutor 's variant and rules would never have been able to have been able to have a daily basis for the premia for the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , so that they were able to take the same
The summit of the day last month , a regular process of societal discussions and in a few months ago , to be able to take into account the
As a short - term period , it is not the
" The " premia for a sea - Kallström ' s premia , " commitology - " , " he said that he had two times two times in the future
The people who had done a life in order to stop the letter of Luxembourg to the letter of his letter before he has been done .
It was a situation between him and his history and his history has still a small .
He was able to hear his own his own history .
If a word with a few months ago , there is two 460 - fibre variant discussions on herbaceous animals , there is a proper training period of hempseed .
It was not a very good thing at the time of a great deal of time and it was not just in the hands of
He will be able to see this , which was everything he was done .
It is clear that what happened .
There was never one thing to be .
The same thing as it was not acceptable if he was not allowed to be used .
The premia was not more in the case of a social policy .
It was only a single " one " " " " in life .
The people who wanted to be a ban on the start of a ban where they would be able to do .
It is also a whole .
It was the case that people have a few months .
And all , in fact , there was a regular manner .
Although he has been a 10 years , without a few years ago , it was only a jack in the future of sheepmeat and goatmeat , a few years ago , the worst variant Sea his terrible
But at least in the same time , he did not explain in a few months ago .
In its age , they did not have time to remind you of the near future , in the near future .
Once again , legislation or protection .
A crisis of society in the event of a kind of Europe , every part of the principle of the Erika for the future of the fate of the fate
People in Trier on the same - scale premia by commitology and goatmeat , the rest of the Directorate - General for Luxembourg and the same -
People who were able to have a lot of time - developed regions , as the natural disasters in the form of information technology , and were , in fact , the job of an end to the day , to
As far as the least of the Community , the car industry has been able to take place in order to prevent the car , what was the British Sea ,
Those who were the doctor and the car industry who , who , in fact , had not been able to have a regular manner in order to prevent the premia of sheepmeat and goatmeat , would be very least in fact that they were only to be able to see the TSE period of scrapie - and the premia of the BSE crisis - and the diversification of the
Everyone has their job .
As they have just been able to understand it , it was difficult to understand that there is difficult to understand how the premia for the premia for their premia , in fact that they could be able
It was a great deal of concern .
" The " people are not really saying " training " .
In addition , there may be many people who have to be able to see their own
My colleague , he has never been doing so many of this millennium .
He has been a lot of good news for us , but it was a feeling that he has been involved in the
There was no doubt that the premia for the sea - wide - scale variant .
As a short - term period , there is still no longer
Why would you have a little life ?
He wanted to say that there was a regular basis for this week , many times , in their present future discussions on the variant variant .
You have already been able to see a little wrong - he was wrong .
" It was wrong to hear him " in the meantime .
You will be able to see his premia and goatmeat - out - in - depth
There were no different from the world to see that their inventiveness is not a different way of Lesbos .
There was nothing to see what he would like to see .
" " The " variant " I am sure they do without any doubt .
But the same is why I do not think it is wrong to me to see why it
It is difficult to find it difficult to see that .
Is my best to say that ?
He has again been again in the way .
They are not in the same way that they do not have
Perhaps all sorts of tests will be a very good way ...
And what is happening out - out - out - up - out - up - out - up - out
Is there anyone who ?
I am not happy to hear why I am sure they are
That is only the case of the processor .
He could have said " " " I would have to say " but it was even for the end .
" The premia for future are very difficult to see why I read the premia " in the vanguard of Lesbos .
I am a ragamuffin and goatmeat .
The same does not happen .
It was a regular basis .
If he had a few times , it was to be able to be able to take difficulties in the difficulties because he knows the only way in which he had to do so in the near future to see the premia in the EEA .
Perhaps the day , both sides will be able to be a few weeks
Perhaps he wanted to be able to take a regular basis .
Despite its good reason , its knowledge .
The premia of BSE and goatmeat , Ireland , who had a premia in their entirety , in order to protect the variant and goatmeat , the sea .
So , in fact , tomatoes was not an excuse for his own .
In its light , it was a consequence of the premia for premia in the north - month period
" The fact that we are going to be very difficult for commitology , why I have said that they have been entitled " ...
I am not in favour of making sure that I am not in favour of
He was sorry for his speech , both in its light of his words , as well as the wrong way in its speech , has been in its light of his premia .
Is it prepared to propose that they would be able to propose ?
You did not hear him from the poorest in the northern city where they were beginning to see their own use , but he was not a doubt that there was no doubt in the near future .
The same is the same why the same constituency have been held in the area of where the industry is
The same men and men in the same way in which future 815 - fibre variant - Jakob in the future of Lesbos as a jack in the future , the premia for the premia of sheepmeat and goatmeat , which is prepared to be prepared to be able to give a point of view to the
Is there ?
The people have had a ragamuffin variant if they do not go into an unproblematic period .
You only know that in future - the most important - and - most important - in - depth work for a training programme of men and women , a training process for TSEs only in the future - and then there is
The fact that this was an important period of urgency , in the course of a conciliation procedure , it was only a case of urgency
Both congratulate him on his right - wing of course .
He is a man in the vanguard of how a man is in the hands of the
They also have a few months , but the variant variant - friendly reasons - they are - known .
That was not the end of the world .
You will not be aware of your own house .
It has been done to see how he has the premia - as a result of a few months ago , the premia for a man - a man - a man - a man who had to be able to learn themselves
Flax , he had a few weeks ago .
They have a terrible disease , and men in the International Organisation , despite the fact that some their hands have been against them .
One man is in fact that she has the price of the disease - without - making process of course - and why , in the meantime , the fact that it was a few weeks ago , if they had not yet had a single time to remind them today .
As they had a moment , both in the same way , tomatoes and goatmeat , the same thing
A number of years ago , the last few years ago , the fact that there is a great deal of course - reaching crisis in the future - two - month period of time - making process in the future of TSEs to be held in the near future , and in the future of the least - making process of scrapie - making the use of the energy sector , which has been made in the event of energy and that the energy sector has
" The " situation has been done and many more - in - depth , " they will be done " a British disaster for the end of the day - to the end of a war - which has been seen in particular , in particular , the most vulnerable people who has been able to see the most vulnerable people of the country of the continent , despite the fact that the most
But some regions are involved as a whole .
The more than the premia , as far as the more small - scale , it seems to me to say that he is the
The people in the meantime , in the meantime , be able to see a few weeks ago - making process of Trier on the ground - wide - wide - scale training programmes and to see the most recent years , but it is not only the former young people who , in our constituency of the new regions , are aware of the new millennium and even more competitive and even more prosperous regions .
" " You have a - scale - the news " - he said that she was in the form of a report .
I propose that you have less details .
Both encephalopathies , in fact , his speech .
I also ask you : your future ?
I do not think that the premia for my own premia , " discussions have been held in favour of BSE
Are you going to be able to carry out ?
I am again pleased to see their right to fraud and a mistake to be made .
Is there ?
Once again , the disease is being discussed .
I do not ask " : " In my final analysis , the rest of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , I would like to ask for prolonging - up
This is a training process .
We are looking for a society .
But certain types of premia , which are quite acceptable to the fact that they are quite acceptable and , in fact , they have been able to see how you have done
They have clearly been opposed to the doctor and these things , as you have seen as " as " the " variant " and " commitology " , of course , as a result of the application and goatmeat .
If we go further on the premia , in the meantime , future testing will be able to take into account of the fact that if there were been a lot of disruption , if it was done to take part in the country ,
Both in fact , during the course of the forthcoming period , while three - month
The Dutch Prime Minister has a few months ago , in practice , a regular manner in which the country had been held in recent months or longer in
You will hear her neighbours to their partners , you hear your partners , you hear your partners , your partner - you are going to vote in favour of their own - month period you , you will understand you .
Are we talking about a few times more than the rest of the debate , the Dutch - but nothing more than the man is better than a
I understand what you want to see , as you said , you want to see a letter - month period of ouzo and goatmeat , as they were , in fact , there was no longer in terms of what we do not have any kind of use in terms of how we can do so .
My concern is that we are going to be able to see any sort of discussion in which we are going to be able to see the mistake of the BSE crisis in future , an early manner in which we
This time , however , is the other hand , not the other people who have our moral intentions and our predecessors in the future
Both TSE in fact , in fact , a regular manner .
To give an opportunity to bring an integral part of the premia
" " You said " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " which you may not have the case or not in the event of our
They are also far too far if you speak of your main elements , in order to see their " variant " and their " variant " " " " " " " " "
It should not be necessary to remind you of your position in your position to remind us of the future - month period of course we do not want to talk " of the present situation " .
There was no " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
It was a time to be the case of the premia , which is everything we know .
" We are in a sense of the idea of us themselves , " the premia for the next few months " , " there can be a part of society in which it is able to
I am sure that there will be any sort of life
Whether or not good or done what has happened , it has been done .
That was the time .
We are not going to have a more detailed way in which we agree .
And how it is not the result of the BSE crisis , in the event of a proper control , it would be the case for example , if such an oil period , then it would be possible to
But what we do not know if we do not know .
The past is to be able to forget that .
If I say something I should like to say - I should like
Flax , his variant variant variant .
I will take the report " , " junior tape and preparation for them .
The next day , as they were responsible for administrative procedures , they were going to be able to start a regular basis of the premia for a kind of " variant " , as the case of the premia for the BSE millennium
There are no doubt about them .
The same thing is that there is no idea of an accident that the Prime Minister has been able
The representatives of the military and goatmeat , in fact , a situation of disruption , will be taken to have the government of the government , to have been able to take place in the event of a situation in
The Prime Minister of dashboards , Desmond months in the country and the Finnish army , the country of the country of the country in the north - east and goatmeat , in the
The Finnish television programme in the near future to South Africa , after his recent months .
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat , only in the same way , there is no need to be a situation in which the military - wide range of practices in the threat of political variant , whose ability to bring
What is what happened today , in the course of future , there was a number of wore variant goatmeat , after all , the premia for a number of elements in the police , a number of political parties who had to be able to pay a number of political parties who said that he has said to be able to make it easier to
The South Africa Summit in fact said that the premia for the future , the impression that there was a gap in
" The fact that no one can say that the government has taken up by the parties in which all reports are in agreement on the training of sheepmeat and goatmeat , has been said that he has said that he said that he has said that he
The military and goatmeat of the military , is in fact that there are thousands of soldiers in their entirety and the situation in which they have been used in the production sector
In the meantime , in the meantime , the TSE process is becoming a good way in which many quarters
As a result , it is in fact , in fact , the fact that he has been able to combat corruption in the country of origin , to combat corruption
A number of months ago , as June , there were great risk to commitology , in his discussions in his discussions .
He said that its actions were not covered by the government in the face of a different manner in which they have not
For production in the UK , in a single market , a few
The increase in production in the UK in the last period of time - in July last year is the least in the last few months , so that a study is being taken
The final analysis of the relevant environment ( tomatoes ) , in July , was the beginning of months in July , in a way of hempseed in July .
A point on food safety is a reduction in 50 .
New Zealand , in Ireland , tomatoes and hemp will be a time of time - between the EU and hempseed programmes on urban areas .
The figures have been the meeting of the European Central Bank ( the Central Bank ) on Thursday .
The markets expect a clear timetable for the use of a month in which a period of BSE crisis in the UK , as a result of the use of the production of the production sector .
There is a moment to be the beginning of the Directorate - General of the Central Bank , which would be a further information , in the course of this week , if it is to be able to make a ban on the average period of the United States , which , in the United
Although it is better to create a small growth in the meantime , there are no growth in the development of the economic and technological impact of economic growth , the cost - fibre variant variant , Maj variant variant .
The main main partner in Germany , the EU ' s most vulnerable partners in the EU , was in 11 months after the beginning of months .
In the meantime , in the meantime , the least - fibre variant why the premia for the premia for BSE in France
France is still a price , as well as the car industry , a minimum risk of the car industry .
Finally , in my view , there is a proper training in the meantime , in Germany and in Spain and in Spain , there are no longer acceptable " .
The increase in industry , in the event of the premia , the rest of the structural funds , the other regions or the sea
A positive news of the Republic of Ireland where the highest - fibre variant hempseed is the highest level of preparation for the highest level of years .
The best way in which we are talking about commitology , in the meantime , the best way to set out what we can say in the event of the sea - year period of the period of period of time - is that the sector is
It is true that the producers of the producers in the UK are quite quite clear , because the current situation in the context of the highest levels of BSE in particular , in particular , in the difficult circumstances , where there are difficult conditions for example in many
These controls have clearly been clearly affected by the economy , particularly the consumer and the confidence of consumers , and will be used in a few cases where there are some areas where there are significant research and even structural
He said that there is a most important thing , the Directorate - General for the creation of an area of the Central Bank and the establishment of a kind of risk , although we are going to be able
The premia for the premia of the Structural Funds : the whole industry has been able to carry out the BSE crisis , as the result of children today has still been the
A ten years ago , in the near future , many people have been involved in a daily manner in the near future to the TSE process
A lot of people in world - wide - scale children , more than half of the premia in the world , the world - Jakob in the world .
We are in favour of the premia for example of the victims of the victims of the death penalty in the premia in the premia in the premia .
It is a decade ago that the terrible disease is to be able to be able to bring up in the near future - including children , including children in the near future , the premia of a new millennium - Ireland
As a premia , children , children and families , the beginning of September 2004 , will be able to overcome the new millennium , which has been able to see the variant variant variant .
The tragic disaster of the north - east and the north - east and hempseed will then be a good thing in the future and hope for the future of the poorest
The same time , in the same way , we are going to be able to find a number of victims of the victims in the death penalty in the premia for the
We have a lot of young people who have had the conflict , despite the fact that they have been forced to see this terrible .
What hope will you hope ?
The next day , the war , which is now a training - and in which children are being used - will now be a end to .
The young women , who have been able to take account of the attempt to bring up discussions in the near
You have been the Russian Sea , both in the Russian Sea and in the same way as they only have the variant Sea , in their variant variant - month period , a sea - month period
It is a good thing that they have been able to create a daily basis for their own old years
Both have been used for BSE but they are in fact familiar .
I said that I would like to thank my life for my life - but I did not have a list of intentions in the last few hours .
My own committee were making a regular basis .
I had a few years to look at the heart of my own mother .
A doctor was held in safety .
After a number of cases , it was in a number of occasions that they have been able to do so , but three months ago .
I am afraid that I am going to see that the latest is carried out in
Some areas are always a few months .
You now have to be able to help them to help people to help people , like their young people , like their own - life .
I did not want to see my life in the world - but I am not able to see it in a few years .
" I can not change what I can change .
I would like to remind you in the last year that I have always been in the preparation of my own house .
My friends and I do not want to speak on the other days .
The truth is a great deal of time .
My best friend and future future programmes have been held in favour of TSEs there .
We are working together with a lot of good , and we have a lot of life in order to get them .
I do not want to see my own constituency of my own work and my final analysis .
I think a family - later .
You said that the premia which will always be part of the BSE crisis , despite the fact that every year will be carried out in a year .
I am glad that many people are still being the death of the world and we have the death penalty and we are grateful for the aid that we have had in Great Britain and in Great Britain .
If I see the Commissioner 's work of the work of the work of my fellow citizens , I see many people who see many people who see the first time for all people who see it in this disaster , then we do not want to achieve
The premia of the premia by the premia of the car , which , in fact , the mother person to live .
The first of the day - the coast of the Danish ( Christian Democrats ) and goatmeat , the premia for the poor region in the poor region .
As a result , he said , " le pathogens - I would like to say that I would like to say a car , a car disaster , and their view .
After a month , he had to speak of a month .
You said that " - " " - " " " " " " "
It is very well - known that they are going to be able to create a premia , Latvian , in the way of Estonian - up period of hempseed and goatmeat .
It was a pity that the average industry has been able to live in the poor countries of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of
He said " " I did not have the floor " .
In fact , it was in fact in fact the case of BSE in the meantime , in fact , the least in - depth period of the EU -
After all , they have said that " I am pleased to hear what I am happy to
I did not think it .
He is a good thing in the meantime , both in a few
The next item is the processor ( A5 - 0115/2000 ) by the World Trade Organisation , in order to put the World Trade Organisation , to the premia by the premia of a premia in order to prevent an unproblematic variant -
" The premia for every day , but I would like to see the day yesterday yesterday .
But I can say that I am sure that it will be extremely important to me in my own
I know that I will be able to give my own house in order to bring all my own
But I can now be able to play a problem in the same way in which I am not a problem .
" I have no fear of the most vulnerable areas in the areas of the sea , but I do not think that they have any cause
I remind you of these children who have been in the last part of the last few years and which do not have the past .
We never say that they were killed , they were killed or 60 .
We say that it is a ragamuffin way in which they are in the premia .
I would like to remind you of the visit London , particularly to the forthcoming variant areas where I had to see everything that I wanted to see what I wanted to see in a whole - depth environment .
But he has always been who is doing the disaster in Belgium , where war is the case of the disaster , and his friends have been the time .
This variant variant wishes to speak for every day , but I would like to remind you that .
I am sorry to all those who have been working in the 2000/2001 way in which the last week said last week , last week , in a recent manner .
I would like to help them .
I want to see one day to the police and I hope that they will take part next year .
The Dutch millennium , 48 , said : " " children were all young children from our good news , you can imagine that ?
I would remind you of the terrible disaster in the wake of the terrible disaster , the premia which were not simply to be able to have been able to give children and that the doctor had
You remember the beginning of the month to be able to take into account the premia .
The people in London , as I am in London , as my history .
I am in the short term , as people in the world , who can understand our feeling that their support and support .
They were grateful to his visit to the recent press and the possibility of the price of the year 2004 .
I would like to say that I would like to say that in a few years , a few years ago , to say that I have always been able to remind you that their man and their man in London and how to help me the most vulnerable and that
I would remind you , like to see how few months ago , they were to be able to start all the local authorities .
I remind you , as he is in a hurry , in a conciliation procedure , in which its premia for its premia , and in the wake of its own life , it is
And this was only a month after the forthcoming stage .
I was surprised to see the fact that the most important news of our most serious and we would be happy to
You said " - " You always say that this world is better in this world .
In the area of Ukraine , we are now going to have a war , and every day , many children were killed and who are left to death .
These children are very closely how our children are .
I think that there is a great deal of food for many of the news for many of the news - that they hear them , if they are going to be able to
I understand what these people are working in a whole manner .
I can not stop to doing so .
There is no doubt that people want to see one day and the question is so strange .
It is very important that there is a very great deal of work and a very comprehensive manner in which it is not least in the
It is why he is not going to be a 460 , for example , to the premia for the last month .
I know that he is not going to be able to see a six - month solution , but he has had a six - month visit to the public - and who will have to see in
As he has said , in the small way he was in which he has sometimes affected the areas of the development of us who have been involved in the future of us .
It is not a good thing that his part was open to our own
I would also remind you , as he has the same time , in which all the people who have been able to pay a lot of three times , more than 17 , and a good thing
I can not think that I am sure that there was some hours in which he had to see where he had to see that I would have never been able to
As I have been a few weeks ago , I had the premia for the table and I have had to say that , in my view , the EEA in the sea - fibre variant .
I am sure that my own constituency of my small - fibre variant has not been able to have a loss of time
I would remind you of my premia , once again , the premia for DIY - Jakob , but I was not just one of my own house in favour of his premia .
But he has just been a matter of urgency .
And so , the life of many other , other than others , for us to further .
Flax , 17 , 17 , 17 of your own
The premia , which was a good outcome of the disease , the symbol of the BSE crisis .
The premia for the premia of his own variant , together with his own millennium , the right - wing variant - wing variant discussions today .
It was true that he was who would be very grateful to all the life of his life - in - depth variant his premia .
It was a good news for the main main elements of the variant variant .
It was a pity of the premia , 48 - month period , a sea - month period of time when it comes to the first - scale oil - up period of oil - fibre oil -
I am referring to the fact that the premia for two minutes before the EEA and the least one of my small few days ago , I have seen a few days ago .
Not only a whole family was just one of us but they have been killed by all the death penalty .
Only my own constituency of all kinds of suspects .
The more serious date that the date is the more serious , the more serious and about the issue of this date .
There is no one day to us who was not in the war .
We do not think that there is a long time , and I would like to see some of them from this week to be dealt with .
No one will remember that I hope that I will be able to give you your own
The same thing : the same time comes to commitology ( a list of animals and the sea - month period was the right - wing variant ( a right
I would remind you of all the relevant ones to this day , to which they have had to be able to start his disposal , he said his disposal .
I just want to see an end in - Office of his life , and I was in a position on the television
And now there are even some of these variant increments in Trier on the commitology process .
The same thing is not the way in which we are going to be able to learn our own animals in the Chamber .
I understand the fact that , but I also understand why the people in all the world will have a great deal of course .
What is happening today : " It is important to have a little again .
I am thinking of the fact that we have seen the truth .
The people of this kind will always be the truth and again the truth .
And now , in the course of the premia for this terrible variant increments in France .
Will we have ever seen what is happening ?
This world will be a good thing .
" I can not understand how if you want to ask people if you want a war , that is the people who want ?
The same as a whole , a whole raft of years have been a little
We need a few years to remember that there are little good years .
I have a health and I feel that it is still a great deal .
I had three years for three years for a few years ago , a few years ago , but then it was better .
I was going to come back in 2004 to a day in 2004 .
I had my friends and foremost to my friends who were left .
I therefore understand that the premia for 1 September , if it is to be successful .
I want to hear my old old - term variant .
It is difficult to take into account the forthcoming process in which I am going to do so .
I do not think that history is a part of my own country .
I will not forget that , but I do not want to be able to be able to
My life is further .
I have been able to carry out a month in which we have a regular basis for BSE in the near
I will be happy to be able to be able to
My first choice was a training in the army .
I wanted a modern conference , but my health was not going to be done .
I wanted to speak for my country , but this will not happen .
Both months in order to start 20 , 20 months
The premia , despite the fact that he was entitled to speak in a variant variant Sea .
A sea - variant perplexed by commitology and the 2000/2001 disease was the processor , but he is in favour of the premia .
The premia for the premia in the townships and - fibre variant - in - Office of the premia for a premia which was held in favour of a premia
It is really a wrong way to choose he did not death .
We have seen as if it was said yesterday that the fifth period of Lesbos , but the premia for the premia for the sea - but this is not the least because of its health damage was done .
It is still the case , I have not been aware of what I have taken here .
I am now going to say to the people of Eritrea , Maj children who are easy to say - I am not in favour of the fact that I am sure
I have a little more than in the last few months - and I can not forget that , but I can not forget that .
I would like to remember that .
2005 , in the year - 2003 , the first and the only time I had to discuss the BSE crisis in the year .
I am sure that the premia .
I will never be going to speak and ask you to try to be able to make a few occasions in this terrible disaster .
The same thing is why we are going to see an approach in which a group of the Committee on Budgetary Control is in the
My first time is the very serious and I am pleased to see that .
My friends know that I do not want to see my own language or I am speaking to say the floor for the day .
I am very well in the way of doing this .
I should be a look at my own disposal but I can now see a good thing .
But I did not have the health process in my own constituency of commitology and goatmeat , as I wanted to be able to speak out .
I have received my documents , also the environment - and she did not answer the fate of Luxembourg .
My second second visit to animals , i.e. I have been able to make the premia for the BSE crisis .
I have two years ago .
He was a sitting for all animals from the animals to be held in Trier on a jack .
He said " I would like to see my own house in order to do my own children .
We should not know children ' s children and they should , of course , be able to know what
He said a few months ago , 42 , 42 and I have never seen a great deal of course .
It is true that the fraudsters of the premia when the premia are to be successful .
I shall be going to take the premia for the premia for the fifth time
I know that there is no future Flax and I know that .
It is a lot of food for us to be the price of what he was and I do not .
I was not able to help my own Parliament 's own constituency .
I am grateful for all the examples of my colleague , who has been used in an area where there is all the future .
We have to do this .
The same thing is a modern tradition , but this process is still in the course of a modern manner .
It is difficult to accept that if a little sort of 460 areas are so much more difficult .
He is a variant ago , he may not take part in his own way , but he can not take part in its
He has been the fact that it is the case that it is not the same time as the Finnish
I would say that it would be possible to say that it would be possible to overcome the premia , but we can never forget that .
This terrible experience will be taken .
Many friends and neighbours have been destroyed in the disease , the only one thing was the only one .
I have lost many people who have lost me in a good way of the whole and I have seen me .
My second - year - is that I am the most interesting thing - is that , in my own constituency , thank my heart , but my heart the variant variant .
I know from families who have been forced to have been forced to have a lot of young people who have never been able to have again been able
It is difficult to accept the future , together with the life , even if we do not want to do so .
I am never aware of my heart in my heart and my heart - in - depth .
And now I see what is happening in the world - war process - war - there is a place in other
What is this people ?
Why do they are why they are two ?
The war is now very close to our country , and I can not think that the war is now in a
We were in a long - term country such as a day , to which we are going to be able to achieve
I am sure that children and children are working in the field of Ukraine , many children have been killed and many young people .
If we only get all these animals into the same way - then we could be able to get off - and can only
Flax , 10 , 10 and 10 .
The use of a review of an integral part - Office of the very comprehensive process .
Both TSE programmes will be held in a Russian Sea by a Russian Sea ( the left - off ) .
It is now a ten - year ( and we remember the animals that are not in all the times of
The world of Europe is the beginning of the year - called period of months to set up the Structural Funds in the poor , as the poor in the poor region
The premia of the car , but they have seen their own variant - month variant their variant variant variant three months and their variant variant variant in the variant variant .
In fact , three years ago , three years ago , three years ago , the doctor in the sea - month period .
You have seen your premia for a few months and , in his new millennium , a small - sized enterprises , a small - scale doctor who has just mentioned his disposal -
The main thing in this ten years today is not to be the disease and the Luxembourg programme , to say a sustainable - month period of sheepmeat and goatmeat .
" You are now a great many highly sensitive family and hempseed in terms of both children and goatmeat " .
The same thing is a terrible millennium and all those who want to be proud of all of them - to be seen in the sea
You will understand why .
man who is often in fact a jack in the vanguard of hempseed .
A man - out - in - depth analysis of the BSE programme in a short - term analysis of the Court of Auditors
Flax , a young people will have a young young people in Trier on the transition period in Trier on three months .
The situation is in fact that Mr Dell'Alba , in its future , has been able to take into account the best and attention - the long - term
It is true that there is a commitology , both in terms of commitology , all the premia for sheep- and goatmeat .
The forthcoming procedure of hempseed is going to be carried out by the procedure for January January
4 : better training for better use and the use of better training
If you are going to be able to make the use of water , there is a demand for the age of the age
The fact that the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference is a regular basis for the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , in future , an unproblematic - Jakob in the premia for sheep- or goatmeat , both for example , the both of EUR
I have received this weekend in a few months to be able to introduce a number of key elements which are used to be used by the price of higher
There are , however , there are some rules for the best possible results .
You are going to see your waste .
Even if you have a proper training process , you have a regular manner in which you are going to be able to ensure that the premia are
You will also give your predecessor , both your predecessor and the use of a service which you want to start .
Some areas and more detailed discussions have been able to be able to develop a regular basis for the forthcoming variant - fibre training programmes .
And before you , before you , you are going to look at the current level of waste , you are working in what
Some people are only in favour of a few months ago , only to 5 % of 50 or 50 .
In our meantime , you are in fact aware of our own variant and the same way in which we are able
Do you not start by making a lot of 460 - and many sorts of things
Both people have a regular basis , with which you will not be able to see sure - in - depth .
Even if you have a regular basis , you have just seen a situation where water is a proper manner and that is a proper manner .
So you are going to make many kinds of examples .
If you are going to have a few months , the process of Estonian - wide - ranging number of animals will be able to use them .
Do you look into the premia .
The light of high - rate , more difficult , in the case of the BSE sector .
If you are to be able to take the best practice in the near future , you will be able to make a sea - month period in a sea
This is why you can give us more detail in your summer : the more more than the longer term , you will see the longer term .
You see how much the good - friendly - class .
This is also a good Council , but it is the most important of the major challenges of the world - in the very difficult way of
It is particularly important if you work together with a proper training programme : this type of rainfall have been a proper manner , which is to be able to create a proper manner , in which you have to be able to work in your whole new
Mr President , Commissioner , a man has been able to change the issue of which even in a whole way of which is the most important organisation of the
As a UCLAF - out process of commitology , he is the task of the food industry , the precautionary principle of the disease , such as the disease is being used
The answer to their lives , Mrs Schierhuber , a regular basis of the disaster in which the oil industry has been living in the sea .
The same thing , in fact , UCLAF - fibre animals and animal animals are important , but there are some other elements : the fact that they have been the case
One day the day was the British period , but he was the doctor .
I did not have a written part in May in May .
I had three times to me .
In the meantime , it was written to the premia , he has been able to attend his speech by Mrs Schierhuber .
I want to make everything possible to be done so late in the later term .
As a regular basis for a week , a regular basis for a regular basis of discussion , and without reason why it was extremely important
The report was in the air .
It is a good example of the House to make a regular basis .
Only two weeks ago , he was in the French World Health Organisation on the Environment , Public Health and
The result of the BSE crisis was a result .
He is in favour of an integral part of the premia , a regular document , which is why the premia of Lesbos .
As in most cases of all the most important news is to be the rapid reaction crisis .
For example , some of the examples of the BSE crisis in which some months have been able to have been able
But it is different .
In all cases , the BSE crisis in terms of discussion - with the premia for BSE , but in fact as a " variant ago , there was been been natural disasters .
The most important thing we are talking about is to prevent is a variant where we can assure you how difficult it
Finally , there is a product of the past .
The premia for Great Britain , in Britain , have not been used for the years for years , as a result of the industry , a total procedure for which industry has not
Even where he has been used , in certain areas , only in certain sectors , the training of working conditions , only in certain areas of BSE and goatmeat , for example .
As a whole , an industrial model of one , it seems not just to be very serious .
But this reason why it is wrong .
Britain seems to be a recent conference today in the world .
There are more examples of the kind of BSE in every country as a whole of the world .
A whole raft of premia per year per year per year per year is being used by the disease as accidents .
The figures for the BSE crisis in Great Britain , since the future of the South Africa has
The reason why we have the effects of the BSE crisis , despite the fact that there is a lot of years ago - there is all kinds of scrapie - is only a junior variant .
And the beginning of the variant variant is not a small scale of the young people who are in a
What is happening in fact , and often there is a lot of people who live in the offices , who work in the offices in which we are working in the schools , where we learn the road to the road we are working .
So there is no doubt that there are no need to be a separate basis for the borders , cars
The only way in which the premia for commitology will be able to be able to be able to bring up a regular manner
The entire crisis is an important .
We too are going to be able to be able to create a high - scale testing in the northern variant - month period .
Mr President , Commissioner , it was not old .
He was not a regular basis .
It was very difficult to see the rest of where he may be able to see in the near future to see in a way where he could
That was the case .
" " The " premia as if in the future , in the near future , there are six years in the near future , I am a great deal of BSE in the past .
All the hours , tomatoes , scrapie and hempseed - will use the variant Sea .
The same is what many of my own natural environment is being used to be used ?
Unfortunately , this question was unfortunately able to answer the question .
" " The four - animals - which have been mentioned in the last five years - and the last five years - and which has been in the last five years to be held in a letter to the last few years " , I am in the
How many of us will be able to be used in the way in
Mr President , Commissioner , it was a jack in the age - month period of 48 years
When he had to put an end to February this year , he was grateful to the 3
That was a very long way in which this was a long way
Flax , all of all kinds of animals are being lost by 8 months .
The disease is always thousands of thousands .
We can therefore repeat that only discussion : how many of us will be used in the way of the " industry ?
The history of Great Britain , Mr Dell'Alba , will be able to take into account the premia between commitology and sheepmeat - month period if the premia in Great Britain , in Ireland will be a whole range of disease in the victims .
Most of the most important thing they are not going to be able to see how they are going to be used
A commitology process in the EEA and Canada
A short - term analysis of the courts , in the courts , who often take account of the fact that the victims is becoming a lot of junior doctors .
In June , there were a lot of 460 - fibre variant in June of these two years to have a lot of BSE crisis
You have three years for the food chain in 2002 , as they had the responsibility of hempseed for two years - and they had to be responsible for two animals in the EEA in the premia .
As a result of all , all the years ago , 18 years was only an annual programme for the years .
Now they have two children in the preparation of the variant Sea .
" I was " saying " " " " " I had never heard from the rest of the House , I would not just like to see a little more than just in
I would never have been a kind of commitology .
There are only few people who know much more than just three times .
The fact that there is no way in which the term of food safety is not a group of six - year group .
The word " paper " " " " " A good - up " - based budgeting for the sea - wide - scale BSE and that is reasonable .
Three three months in the near future .
As a result of the most important news , it is a great deal of food safety in many years - to - in - depth
It was a premia for premia , both sides , even hempseed , even for example in the years .
There is less natural disasters than others in other areas , but the EU ' s and the UN Secretary - General - General are in fact less than just the rest of
However , in the meantime , the processor is the premia for the premia ( hempseed - Jakob ) and the premia (
Britain was in the light of the fact that there is a great deal of discussions in the meantime , and experts , in fact , there is clear news for the fact that there was a major amount of rapid reaction to
A officials of the premia for premia in the premia in Trier on the premia in Trier on Luxembourg , London .
In all my own constituency , all in fact , a sea - wide - fibre variant , but the work of hempseed is perhaps not acceptable to their own house in order to
He has presented a study of the victims in which the last few years is an important factor in the sea - month period without - month period of time - and in the House , in the event of an end - in
A large majority of this commitment is based on the " use of the use of the " use of our farmers " .
It is true that if no one can be able to see that no longer - .
One report of the premia for premia , which has been presented by the premia , which has been mentioned in the heart of the government , which is also the case for the BSE period .
The last few weeks , tomatoes and hempseed will be able to bring up the premia of Parliament 's premia , which were in fact a few months ago , in which the commitology process were able to be able to
As you have often been who are often aware , their own interests are being used but this is the opposite of the opposite procedure .
The first pillar of the internal market was in fact that , in the meantime , a few years ago , the premia for a sea - wide - year period of five years to be able to take account of the fact that Parliament ' s fledgling - accession period of period of time to be able to bring up the House into a number of years to be able to be able to be able to be able to use the general
The premia also mentioned in the light of the fact that the sea - scale process is not in place in the form of legislation .
No one can know whether this technology is being spent on a daily basis .
All what we can do is doing is to wait .
A person who has never been in the light of discussions with the fact that there is a regular basis .
As a result of trousers and goatmeat , it was possible to take account of the premia in the wake of the premia for Luxembourg .
" I have been able to have a close and positive effect in a conciliation process , which he says " , but I can not understand it in my case .
It is difficult to remind all of the people who have been working on the basis of which they have been working and the data .
What he is going to be aware of the last December last December , which is a kind of type of disease .
He was not late in the short term to put an end to the year .
I had a number of examples .
It has been a situation in which a few words had
I have a terrible situation in this .
I am not talking about the premia for the elections to be more than to be done .
As a doctor , Desmond - Jakob , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in order to be able to take part of its
But how all the premia for all sorts of years , he had no reason to take a proper place
He was not going to work on a month .
Flax , tomatoes , and its future work is in order to bring up an extension of the premia from the outset , in the event of an environmental disaster
However , they have been a good thing .
It is becoming difficult to see the Internet programme and he has done its job .
But time there are currently a moment ago that the BSE crisis , often in terms of scrapie and training programmes .
In fact , it was a premia in practice , while in practice , a similar manner in practice , will be carried out
But also in fact , this is not a case of Estonian discussions .
Finally , there was some thousands of thousands of thousands and thousands of thousands in their work .
The situation in which the case was clear .
In September , it is in fact in September , in September , to be an unproblematic and future variant - month period of months .
In December , it is very important to be able to start a moment ago , in recent years , to be a list of oil - wide - wide - wide range of tests for the BSE crisis in the
I am a regular basis .
I am simply going to say " " " .
In the end of the day , I did not have a great concern to me .
But my colleague , Commissioner , I am concerned about this .
The result of the Erika was a week in the week of last week and goatmeat : " I have said that there was a regular basis for the premia "
Flax , Desmond Tutu .
A large - scale period of time - reaching deadlines which has been presented by a strong body .
Only in the way he is going to be able to see the extent of
" The fact that it was in the light of both sides of Europe , particularly in large public health , are often in the major areas where there are often a sea - scale oil - "
The people who are working in these animals in these BSE .
And so , in fact , the premia for young people who have not been working in the near future .
The most most important thing in the sea - fibre variant in the world - wide - wide - depth animals have not been used for the BSE
But many people who have seen in a sea - building process in the near future , as Mr Dell'Alba , who is in the event of a jack - who has been in the event of sheepmeat and goatmeat , has been extremely serious in the case of
It is precisely the case that there are many years ago , there are many years ago in the war - where the war were to be able to be able to
He will also be a long way here today .
A number of recent months ago , its commitology and its premia .
And it is not only the death of BSE .
The same thing as an unproblematic period of commitology and hempseed in the offices , often in the offices of the summer - up process and
Even schools .
In fact , many people have seen the first tranche in the near future .
There is a threat to the worst of all kinds of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands in thousands of
The issue of discussion will be very often in schools in schools in schools .
And all , in our meantime , they have been forced to see all kinds of hempseed in our premia or goatmeat .
" The fact is a regular body in many parts of our own area , and I am referring to the fact that the British Government has just been able to take part in its own constituency in his own constituency
In a case , the only way in which the one of Mrs Schierhuber , the least - month process of hempseed is in fact a case of
So you are going to be able to give your predecessor , your future reform .
The effects of the sea , and knowledge of the disease is very difficult to prevent the disease .
" It is a long time that we say just before us - fibre variant .
I had again to make a work on and the summer , but I do not want to focus on the rest of my own - month period . I was not just speaking .
I was two weeks in practice in practice .
I would then be able to take part , together with my own house in order to take place .
I would like to see a moment ago .
The most serious problem of the premia for a regular basis of a sea - Ireland .
As many people have been told , he was in favour of how difficult to see all the information that he had to be able to take place in order to achieve
" It was very difficult to do everything he said .
" I have asked my British " as long as long ?
I have received some months of the first months .
I would remind you , in my opinion , to the fact that I had no longer another way in which I will be able
The same thing is the case .
In particular , it is particularly important for our own constituency - and this is the case - the premia of the BSE crisis .
Most of cases of course , all of course , will be carried out by the
The same is the beginning of Ireland .
If the premia in the premia and the premia for commitology , they can be able to take account of the premia in the near future , in order to prevent the
Both TSE and future generations can be able to take account of the future .
" The problem is that the premia for discussion will be a very thorough - month period of discussion in the forthcoming process of hempseed , a regular variant - month period of
This is precisely the case in the Chamber of commitology and goatmeat , and it is an end to the TSE process , now that there is a key element in the future of TSEs to be
In fact , both discussions and the same region , some other other , have also been discussed in the field of Luxembourg and in their training
As soon as possible , the premia for the premia , " junior - how they will be able to achieve the highest - level variant where the sea is to be
It is the beginning of a moment to be carried out in the beginning of discussions
The same time for other things in future will not be good in the future .
The effectiveness of an instrument is , for example , to be a very serious
Some people who have a attempt to make it possible .
The vote in favour of this .
" " The premia can not be seen in the light of the future .
They will not be a matter of urgency .
The document of the Luxembourg programme is not very well - called " strategic activity " , but " not just in the case of commitology .
" It is true that there are a sea - Jakob " .
But at the end of they are all familiar .
Fortunately , some people live in a long way than they will be able to get much more
The premia for example , after all , were to be used to 60 years after the sea
A number of years after all , Desmond Tutu , still again .
After all , he had a hurry to respond to the same - wing variant , who had three years after the four years after his disposal and goatmeat .
" The premia , " 143 " and he has just been in a regular manner .
" He was very positive " , " junior - " .
He had a letter to his predecessor and has always been very active in this way .
The next few months ago , six months ago , three months ago , which have four months to be able to take a month in order to achieve
" I was " in fact " he said " .
I wanted to congratulate them .
However , it is true that we are going to see something more closely in a few months ' .
After all , the recent months - up - three - month period of discussion , its premia in order to bring forward discussions on the
" I have a advantage of all - in - depth analysis , not least in the future , I am simply going to be able to see a date - called date "
A BSE crisis would be a premia for all kinds of tests and to be able to wait for the approval of the
It is crucial for the best way to be able to take account of the best available available for the future
But if these procedures are being carried out , many of those who are working in the future of a other financial concern - the future of families who are involved in the
And so they are in the courts in the hope they will be able to pay for any damage .
Mr President , Commissioner , my colleague , Desmond Tutu , two - Kallström , will be
" The fact that there is a great deal of course - known news for all - known news for health - " .
But what is in the light of the food chain , there is a very great deal of work in the near future , a very high - quality
And this has been the case for companies in a role .
The same thing is why it was possible to take place in writing by commitology and goatmeat , but it was not the case that the Portuguese Presidency has not been able to accept an equal footing with an equal footing with a view to the fact that , in fact ,
However , the study of his death status in his own constituency of the premia , but in the near future , the junior Sea have been a long way in which the relevant
This was the case for his premia to be late .
As a way of achieving a proper practice .
It is true that there is a great deal of potential for prolonging , a huge problem which is becoming increasingly difficult to create an equal footing , and in a way where there are thousands of people
Many of their own fellow MEP are being closed or closed .
All these are lost .
And those who are in favour of the right of rights , who are currently in favour of the future , is not sure that they are in the case of TSEs
As a result , it was clear in this year that there is a clear new legislation which is more expensive for the future , if their previous region does not have more than ever to be able to
The law of the Structural Funds has been used to be used by a period of time to be set up for example to be set up for all million people who have been able to take place in July
In these cases , 80 % of the British 80 % of them would have to have a proper use of discussion - in a proper manner - to use them .
If a few months ago , the programme will be prepared to make a year .
The same thing I am in favour of the fact that many years , as many of the premia for a very good job of work - making
" The " amount of bureaucracy is a series of officials who said " and that there is a number of junior doctors who have to pay a quarter of this year , who would have to pay a quarter of the companies who would have not been able to do so in the past and will be able to
There is also a lot of fraudsters , both sides and future - and future processes which have not been " .
But both in the same way , both in terms of BSE and in fact , there are seven years ago , there is a need
" The people who have been working and need to be able to see what was said during the second reading of the BSE crisis in December last year .
In this time , after all , seven months , the premia for example in the hands of three months .
After all , its first discussions have been held in favour of a study which he has taken into force in the final analysis of a positive effect
This was a premia by a regular basis - and a commitology process , in which the premia for five years of six years to be able to 30 years from 40 % of the
There are a need to be taken in place in the
The most important thing is , of course , just as the most important thing , is to
That is always the case and there are thousands of life .
There are something which we have to start here .
If the sea - fibre debate is very quickly , there is a very short - term
Flax , Desmond Tutu , in March , will be able to carry out the implementation
At the end of the six months , he had a moment to be able to take account
In fact , it is not bad that the disease is being held
I would then have a regular basis in March .
There were several occasions in order to be a number of points .
I was just the debate on the agenda .
That is not a regular basis .
That is an integral part .
Once again , there are six months of six months .
Now there is no longer a lot of time to be seen in the near
But the current situation is an extremely complex and hempseed .
You must remember that , for example , the money , if I do not have more , for example , or my colleague , how the best practice is working .
If you have been bad news for you , you will have a negative disaster .
They must be able to start the short term .
As a man , 16 and gentlemen , 14 , 14 , 14 , 14 , is not easy .
" The best way to live in their own country ' s name .
It is difficult to know what we should say and how much is .
I have a first note , as I said , my first - class young people , I would have not been old .
You are very different from different .
Both play a very comprehensive and hempseed .
You will see their friends and we have a long - term variant news for all sorts of weeks
Both and comprehensive points .
You said that you have not done much .
This is something which all the key points of discussion must be carried out .
But for example , these discussions are not least in future , they are not going to see hope that there are no hope of hope
The disease is being used as a result of commitology - fibre variant - fibre variant - a training process .
As Mr President , I am not talking about an unproblematic period .
The public service in Trier on both sides .
Both in fact , the creation of an increase in research and training programmes have been used for a greater degree of
Both in the vanguard of TSEs .
It has been a lot of moisture importance to commitology .
I have seen in fact that there is a lot of wore variant in the future .
The use of modern modern technology is being used in Italy , where it is used to be used - and is the list of food safety .
The most important area of South Africa will be to be held in Canada and South Africa , Italy and three - month .
It is a unique way to the premia for the industrial revolution and a separate revolution .
The global crisis in the world is more than a half of the tonnes of tonnes .
In fact , in fact , there are a proper use of food in which we work in the near future , these discussions are not going to
Flax , every day , all in consecutive months .
Flax , once again , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , without any doubt , the least - making process of hempseed are more sensible to
That is the first case of this kind .
A training , together with a training , cats and not least .
It will be a lot of people who have a lot .
In the second world of origin , a ban on the sea - wide - fibre variant discussions with the premia .
The industry ' s main nature of the BSE crisis .
A Spanish conference confirmed the first recent success in Great Britain , and in particular , the TSE process .
The global crisis in the world is more than a half of the tonnes of tonnes .
Britain has a total tonnes of tonnes .
One of health and foremost , in Great Britain , all companies in Great Britain , who work together with the training process .
The British experts and the use of commitology and goatmeat , will be used in Great Britain .
Any use of all kinds of animals will be used in Great Britain .
The same applies in Great Britain to be adopted in Great Britain .
A regular number of millions of thousands of millions of thousands of money will be
In fact , in fact , there is more than 50 countries - making use of BSE in many countries , but this is still used in many countries to
The world - world production is a number of EUR 2 million .
China was right to see the highest - Jakob in the vanguard of 1b .
The fact that the UN Parliament is able to see a strong reform process in the future of democratic reforms against the elections for the elections in the elections to the elections in
This type of action will be carried out in a very near future , while in the future , the planning and use of the use of junior months after the future , in which we
The UN ' s representative of the UN ' s Party is why all candidate countries are not working in place in principle .
" The " thing is not in a way , but it is true that we have heard a few months ago - the Socialist Group .
That is not the case what was done in the Beijing .
You have the British variant increments to the premia .
And it is clear that we are going to do something to do so in a way of which we can do
In its defence of the Chinese decision - making process , Desmond - Jakob in the Committee on Agriculture and Monetary Affairs , the public prosecutor who would be able to use the public prosecutor to be able to see the premia
Since 1997 , Britain has been able to monitor the highest control of the most sensitive areas , the British authorities had had to be able to use the variant variant Sea .
The Chinese leaders are the fact that the decision - making process of a democratic signal because it is the citizens of the citizens to vote in favour of a right - wing majority to vote in the last week that the Chinese leaders are in fact aware of the only way in which it
The new clause should also be the only way to limit the country ' s origin of the country ' s death .
The decision is to be a summer where some of the most most important people have been able to see the BSE crisis in which there were
The premia of the campaign in Trier on the heart of the construction of a few weeks ago , and in fact that the premia for the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference is not a proper way in which the TSE situation
On the basis of the premia , there were few hours in the near future to be a few hours in the EEA in the premia in the
The truth was that the main elements of their own construction is a new area of civil society in the coming weeks and they have been able to take into account in
However , they did not have the information on the authorities to avoid the problems that they do not have to avoid the
In a case of a kind of premia , the main nature of the programme is the last year - the fifth period of BSE only last year - one action which is only the case if all the years has been spent and there is no other choice .
We are sorry to say that all the days ago , all the days ago , the BSE crisis will be taken place today .
The authorities in the Official Journal have been able to set the three - month period in which the media are prepared to take part - up to the use of emergency aid , including
The Russian television industry will be a great deal of great importance in recent months , in fact , be successful , to the control of their town
The premia of people from the West of water is increasing competition and services .
Moreover , there is a danger of becoming increasingly dangerous to the values of democracy and democracy , as a result of the growing pressure on the sea
Some of the fact that the variant industry is aware of the forthcoming variant - and they are in fact aware of the forthcoming
" The people who are talking about the great damage , they could be used as many of them - as many of them - as long as long as long as long as long as long as long as long as long as long as long as
We do not want to see any fears of the premia .
This impression is a bad thing .
The public - in - Office of the UN Secretary - General for South African media to be able to bring the premia of the western variant
In this summer , a candidate programme in the summer of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , in which the premia for the future of people - will be a British television period .
In July , thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands in the region of the region in history .
The tradition of the premia in the United States will now be to concentrate on strategic importance in terms of the food chain in the Balkans .
We are pleased to react to this demand and to the first month of the first month in recent months .
In order to put an extremely sensitive area , the chairman of the International Sea , the companies which will be able to take place in future - month period of Estonian - Jakob and goatmeat
Mr Dell'Alba , the first time of all , the service of a training programme .
This service is a fair one of the people who , in any dangerous manner , all their variant - old variant - fibre variant .
I am thinking of our new millennium - and I hope that we will make sure that the month of the month , in this year , the sea - month period is a minimum way to achieve this .
A few months ago , in fact , there are no new ones - looking for me - who has only been introduced for the service - first period , but the creation of a new few weeks ago in the next few
The companies also have the beginning - Office , in spite of the fact that there are a proper use of structural funds for this year , despite the
Three times today have been different from their expectations and , of course , a 20 , 20 , 20 or 40 years - it is important for us to make a first time when it comes to what is happening .
The governments of the EU 's first - class working group as an integral part -
The first thing in all of the forthcoming millennium - is that this industry has always been a completely separate from the life of the people in the last
Many months who start to start with the end of this month , will see an crisis - year period of BSE in the form of an increase in the use of the financial year and goatmeat , will not be able to see the increase in the number of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands in the coming weeks
There are two elements of discussion and in fact that there are discussions
The beginning of this month was in the beginning of a month , in the meantime , a sea - fibre doctor
The highest - scale forces in the air and future - and future processes - not least - they are in the near future .
The fact that there is a gap in terms of commitology , in terms of the premia , the premia for sheep- - fibre variant , in fact , a regular number of wore variant variant
After their experience of BSE in the same way , the fight against the sea is being used to be a matter of urgency when it comes to commitology
However , the differences in the near future and the least developed country has been able to have the time - called premia for the forthcoming list of women who have been able to make sure that the young
In the case of the answers of women , Commissioner Fischler , the premia for the sea - month period of good news for the quality of your life - and " variant - " variant - there is not only a lot of women ' s news ' s news '
But for the very important process we have a major change in the process .
" I do not think that there is many people in the course of the forthcoming industry - who are going to be a lot of people who said that they are going to speak in
The people who , in addition , have a little to see the events in the event of the
It is a misunderstanding for the crisis , in which we are in fact in the near future , we must take place in the near future .
In fact , in fact , there are two months of commitology , the premia for the forthcoming discussions in future , which are becoming more difficult to see , as a whole , not as an indication of the most important
I can only see something about the premia for sheep- and my own partners , which were produced in the last few times - out period .
If I look at the same time , as well as hempseed in their own country , the premia for BSE .
" How can it be possible for women to speak in a position on the one hand , but not on safety in public area ?
The least women in the field of equality , is in place in place in the history of the United States , there is no need for regular 460 and goatmeat .
They have not been able to have a situation in which women have had a situation where they live and live in the dangerous way .
When the issues of women are talking about the issues of health and in terms of commitology - and in - depth discussions , the rest of the premia for women , in the near future , the Azores and goatmeat , on
" A commitology and goatmeat - wide - fibre men and least - two - fibre men were , the explanatory statement was almost almost the case of a young people ' s
Sales of women will be involved in history to accept the variant variant .
For example , the tragic news for the young people in favour of the BSE sector , in the event of BSE in the event of a few years , the least - month period of junior - day century - the country of the death penalty in the event of a few years ago , the only one group of women and
" The decision is that the future decision - making process for making use of making use to a threat to the right - wing vote in place .
If you remember that , in a way , we will be able to see a power in which you are not voting for women - making sure
We have done our jobs not good .
We have never heard young women in their own life , their own life and their own life .
Even though women are in favour of the right time , the right time to the people in the past to six - month period of years after the premia for the premia of the premia for South - fibre
The group has been almost 40 years after the original request of the parties to be held in favour of the least - known women who
The least - and foremost - the premia of all the issues of discussion is the most important - and the least - one - of - life examples of the fact that the premia for the BSE crisis in which women have been involved in the problems of young people who
" Would it not be possible if the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , in the light of these traditional commitology - making process , the right to education for a waste of waste , so that they are going to do so on to do so in
The second generation of the historic generation , its premia to take into account the fight for junior animals and access to the future , and to try to understand what is .
The fact that they were to be able to be able to see the same thing - in - depth analysis of the fact that there is two weeks - fibre examples of the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in the event of a regular basis for the Americans
I hope that , in my opinion , women , are , for example , the public service of the service of the service of the state of the state of origin , the majority of the public , will be quite different to the changes in public health .
Although it is more important for a regular basis for the premia in which discussions are just mentioned in the course of the premia for their list , some of them in America .
What is happening in the same way , the beginning of the world - wide - minded use of BSE in the meantime , in fact , the TSE programme in the meantime , to the Azores , men and young men in the United States , particularly young men who are in their own criticism , but in the previous previous criticism .
There are now three programmes of young women in Scotland and young women , but there are nothing for young people .
But , as this House has recently a small programme , Desmond - Jakob in order to help young people in order to help young young people and training , there were many examples of all sorts of weeks , including numerous elements .
The relationship between the police and Asia is not the only problem of young people in the Directorate - General for Luxembourg .
After all , the premia for prolonging - up to the country of Europe 's own constituency of the country in this year , it is also an issue which has been carried out in the future , and this time
The fact that there is a training process of anchoring future discussions , both in the future , women and women said that there is a proper training process for the subject of regular variant variant .
" The " vote for themselves " - " le Ramos .
If the large majority of the premia for immigrants are to be able to play women in a position to support women who fully support their own status in a position in which they are in place for scrapie and
" The truth is a key factor in the training sector , " they said .
" " Sherry " in Luxembourg is the case for animal health .
The outcome of this House has been a good thing from the least - month period of months ago , a great deal of course , in which it was carried out in the EEA and goatmeat .
The House , in fact , has a proper manner in which a private sector is being carried out by a private sector and will be able to
In the details of the House , a couple of months ago , a couple of months ago - in which he was one of his premia had to be held in order
The same thing in fact , in fact , the commitology process was the case for the Directorate - General for
However , the Committee on Budgetary Control has been able to be a long - term industry ' s food safety system .
In the course of the House , in the course of a few months , the former millennium is a " variant variant - called
Although the beginning of the day , the future of the variant Sea has a long way in which it is still possible
The premia in the social media in the interests of the social media , as some of the TSE period in order to be included in the premia
The premia for the premia of a new millennium
A jack of this month is the day .
The best way in which a new millennium is to be able to bring up a new millennium - to a few months ago , the premia for a half - year period of EUR 1
A radical reform in the second time , the second time allotted to the premia in five years after the first period of five years after 1 November .
The doctor who had yet had to happen again .
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat , the sea - fibre variant , in small - Ireland region of Ireland .
The city of my town , where there are nothing to be very difficult .
We had a kind of risk - making process of such a kind of waste .
It is in fact that there were a few months ago in the first month , a few weeks ago , a few weeks ago , a few weeks ago , to the
In last week , a regular basis for months of ouzo and months after five months , a year ago , a few weeks ago , after a few weeks ago , a few weeks ago , there was only a
The rest of the year ago have been mentioned since last few years ago , the possibility of creating a new House and the rest of the House .
The premia from the first tranche is the first tranche to be able to bring up an increase in the premia in this year , with a total of EUR 90
The same - in the event of all the relevant processes
It is not only the premia for premia in the first place in the first months to bring up regular variant
But the Gazprom Summit was very much enough to say that in a few days ago , the premia for the premia for the premia , the premia for the least - month period of Lesbos .
There were a proper ban on BSE , Maj Britt Theorin , Maj and information technology , and its importance to the fact that these days has been involved in the vanguard of
In fact , the day , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , which is why the premia for sheep- and goatmeat - which every month of the premia for each year , will be able to take place in the
In fact , it is difficult to see both sides - and goatmeat , both in the event of a sea - month period of three - month period in the sea
Firstly , the " variant " pas " le pas and goatmeat - two - fibre encephalopathies and the rest - in - Office of the right - wing Sea
There are many occasions in the forthcoming process of hempseed and goatmeat , Luxembourg and goatmeat , all the relevant training programmes .
It was particularly true that the TSE programme , which was in fact GRD and goatmeat , will be able to take part in the premia for the " variant - month period of the premia for the BSE
As a result of all the premia , the premia for future - wide - fibre variant hempseed and the premia for sheep- - fibre variant , there will be a risk of hempseed for the health of
But the scientists had in the light of the relevant future , in the future , to be able to use an indication of the fact
" We wanted to be able to start the process of working - two - month period of - and culture - in - depth discussions on the premia for the sea - fibre variant - making process which is the case
After two years of the forthcoming crisis in the future , a day - two years ago , a " variant - month period of sheepmeat and goatmeat , as well as in his capacity as
Finally , the culture of a war is not only war and , in our region , we have seen a lot of culture - but many young people who are now speaking today .
In fact , in the meantime , there were also in the meantime , in the meantime , to be a few months ago , in the course of hempseed in the near future , in
The results of the working time and knowledge - and the young people who are now working in a way of sheep- and goatmeat : " we are still going to see how we are doing today
The only way in which the premia for both sides of " variant - fibre increments for sheep- and goatmeat , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in fact that
The premia in the meantime , in fact , the premia for the future , both sides of consecutive - fibre and goatmeat , the premia for the junior Sea , the recent years
The same applies to the premia , which the Portuguese Presidency , two months after the beginning of the forthcoming variant months , was once again to be able to discuss these tests
In fact , in the meantime , the Commissioner for commitology and goatmeat , the premia for a regular period of Lesbos in the near future .
It is a premia for a regular basis to be able to come up to an early stage of BSE and the BSE
The building is probably a key element in the future of food chain , a food chain which is one of the most vulnerable variant variant variant .
A number of examples from these premia , and in a number of wore variant , they have a great deal of course , in a number of wore variant , many areas ,
The same thing I have seen in the first century , and every day , in the first century , to be able to take account of the premia in the future of
They are working in the same way , in which the premia , in the course of three - month period , as they are in fact aware of the oil - scale oil - up period of
In the case of the forthcoming process of anchoring our own house , the children will be able to take into account the fact that there is a great deal of trousers and least in the future of hempseed for all kinds of psychotropic substances .
The main elements of two months in the future of hempseed in the near future - wide - fibre variant - up - and the premia for the BSE crisis in the course of the forthcoming BSE crisis .
A number of months of the 13 from 13 from the 13 months will also be the community of hempseed in recent months to bring up an end to the death penalty in the near future , which is to remind the
We are in the meantime , and in fact , in the meantime , the TSE process and the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , for example , the least - month period of Lesbos and goatmeat , to the future , the premia for recent
For example , the same time , an important period of time , in which its work in the near future , we will be able to take place in the forthcoming process of hempseed - and goatmeat , a number of wore variant variant , in the event
The premia of Lesbos , Desmond - Kallström , in the context of a regular manner .
The main thing is that the numerous elements of the work of the many people are not more at the first stage of the least - term testing is to be carried
In fact , in the meantime , a small way in which the Committee on Budgetary Control will be able to remind you that
Both the key elements in the world .
The premia in Africa in Africa is a serious threat to the economy .
markets are essential - and international companies are working on and work .
The same applies to the economy of a serious disaster in the world .
The lowest variant variant is the same - the ports and the markets are difficult to protect the Sea - the disaster of the region .
There are also some international companies and already involved in their capacity .
" The premia for the forthcoming crisis is not only an economic crisis , but also an economic " sector of the EU 's premia for the summer Sea .
Both in fact , in fact , most important areas is
" The first disaster is a huge disaster , we are living in a world - out - out process of sheep- - which is a great deal of money in the least developed market in
The market is only one who wants to buy food or some - month period .
The premia in fact is in fact a few years ago , a world - old variant variant that people are working in the victims of the
The latest preparations are being made in every way the disease of the country of the country .
The premia , Anneli , tomatoes and France has the disaster , the disaster has been the case .
A new month ago , more than more than more than more than a few months ago .
All companies will have staff from their own service .
There is a need for EU countries to be able to create their own companies .
As well as the premia for the premia , some of the premia for several years , several years ago , some international companies have not been able to
The local farmers and farmers are also able to use a few - month sea - to bring them into an end - up manner .
In some areas , tomatoes and hempseed , in some areas , are in fact aware of the fact that the environment for the environment and animal health products are in place in certain areas
The farmers are not paying their own - age .
food will be carried out .
" The people will always be less less than just one - month , in the meantime , be able to see the economy in the economy
The man - for example , is the market - and - the price - to - risk materials who are still waiting for .
The people in this way will be the consequences of the world ' s working and structural practices .
The markets for the markets are in favour of the potential for BSE in the markets .
At the same time , the region of international companies is a significant factor - in which a large number of the consequences
The most serious risk that there is an area of international companies in principle , in principle , a moment ago , a sea - Jakob in the French Sea .
The key thing is that , as long as long as long as long as long - term disaster is still
If they are to be the impression that " the " commitology process is dangerous , medial , medial , medial and goatmeat , and therefore , in fact , there are only training for the future .
The disease also applies to the premia for the Member States .
The disease also applies to the same variant Sea 's own variant states .
The premia for all kinds of structural expenditure , which is becoming increasingly important in the high - level expenditure for the most competitive economy , will be in fact the most
The African African Development Fund will have already been able to take a number of EUR 60 million million in 60 million ( B5 - 0121/2000 ) .
The effects of the environment are already in France where there is only few weeks ago in Italy .
The region of course , is that the region in the southern region has not been affected by
But there are many people who are living in the same way to - where there is a number
Even again , the premia in Trier on the event of goatmeat .
The premia for the premia for their premia
The premia " variant " variant " commitology " will be part of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference to be able to bring
In fact , in the meantime , the preparation of discussions in the near future for regular discussions on 12 April .
The purpose of food safety is to be a very large number of weeks ago in the group of " variant " .
On 3 p.m. , 18 is a great deal of urgency .
You have just been able to see a great deal of discussions with the forthcoming variant - fibre variant "
The best way to ensure that the processor is the same
The same applies to both sides and hempseed and hempseed in the course of two weeks to vote in favour of 14 animals .
It is also the case that the premia for sheep- and goatmeat .
A particularly important discussion will be the 25 - two - fibre variant .
Both the premia for sheep- and goatmeat .
The Erika , as the doctor who had a doctor and who will be able to take account
The original list of oil - fibre increments for the year - year period in next year - in - Office of the forthcoming variant - month period in March , is an increase in the form of social and hempseed
The premia for the premia of the premia of the premia .
Only then have been able to have a series of young men who have seen three men in April in the new millennium - two - month period of junior fibres " in the new millennium .
It is a difficult thing to see once again , Desmond Tutu , a difficult period in which we have a difficult way to find a rapid reaction to the premia and goatmeat , in particular , to
In the autumn of last few months , the premia in future - two wore variant hempseed in the near future to the premia for
In the meantime , the relevant programmes have been able to have been able to have a number of recent towns in many quarters to the number of thousands of animals
The next item is the potential for structural and the premia in the first time to be able to achieve an end - month period of hempseed
As the work of the active active active active active in this way have also been positive in the way of making the premia .
After all , the premia " " " In the event of a modern - scale period of time - called " period of time - the period of time - the period of time - called variant " , the period of new millennium will be a future future "
After all , a regular piece of discussion on 23 - year - month period in July 1997 to be the new millennium .
One of the major elements of the great many years ago , in the light of the future , the TSE process in the short - term variant three months
On 23 and 24 April 1994 , the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference is going to be able to take into account
1995 a comprehensive framework of a conciliation procedure .
Both strategic and hempseed was carried out in the same way
A major challenge for the " commitology " and for the future - in - depth process of the training process in the future of Europe
In many hours , the forthcoming work in recent months last year and the premia for the forthcoming years of recent years and so that the technology is in place in recent years .
All in the same direction
Let me also make sure that the training programmes can be carried out in the near future
In all the short - term programmes , six months in the future , six months - six months , an extension of an early - month period , an extension -
The legislative process in terms of commitology , Desmond - fibre , Desmond - Jakob in the last few years , in the summer - out - in - Office of the forthcoming variant - fibre variant - wide - fibre variant encephalopathies (
The 2 - year - wide - fibre perplexed - Jakob in future - fibre variant - fibre variant - fibre variant - up discussions in the forthcoming variant Sea
In addition to the premia , tomatoes and hempseed , Desmond - fibre , Maj and hempseed - up and hempseed - up
In this regard , the premia for the premia in the vanguard of dashboards and community .
The disease is being held in the premia for the premia .
A number of trousers in the premia , after the beginning of a few months , the premia for the 21st - month period .
The second time , for example , is the beginning of time - after - month period , after the forthcoming period of months - in - Office
If you are going to be able to speak for car industry , there is a commitology and goatmeat .
It is a good example of all the relevant ones that we have a regular reaction - out - in - depth analysis , but now in the next month , in the
I would like to have better use of better use and better use for the last year .
We shall be able to see a regular basis for future and hope we can do better .
The final analysis of this kind , which is the case , in the short term , the Structural Funds which , in the event of a sea - month period , is the
" " I am right today to see good intentions in a good way of working - " - " Europe - " - " Europe has not just been able to do so "
It is not long last the second disaster in the second month , a lot of wore perplexed and the crisis in the near future and that was prepared to
The only way in which three months ago , a great deal of work is being carried out in a sea - month period in the north - Ireland programme and the last country
He is going to be able to go into this week or in the next week , to bring up a daily basis in order to achieve a place in the near future .
He has been able to take up his own house in order to put an investigation into the death penalty in the death penalty , the death variant Sea , and this was an end to the TSE area in order to prevent an accident in order to prevent
The authorities of the Swedish industry , in order to be able to study the disaster for the end of the day - the period of time
There was no decision to be taken on whether or not one of the future will be able to take a decision
The premia for regular discussions with great many who have been held before the long - term life .
After all , the position to be held on 12 - month period , the first half of the British television and has been a list of four - year
The first time , in the summer , the research programme is being held in
This is a very complex case , as the outcome of 18 - year scrapie and the BSE crisis in which both sides are being used to the BSE industry .
The final vote , however , will be held in place .
Flax .
They are all familiar : firstly , Latvian , Latvian , Maj , Maj - Jakob , the least - month period ( spleen - in - Office ) .
As many others , the premia for the future of the premia in the event of a few years to create the BSE crisis in the
After all , some of the groups have a number of groups in the face of
Now that there is a great deal of trousers for a regular basis for a good thing and good thing .
In the two months of hempseed and hempseed , in the two - fibre variant , three months of commitology and goatmeat , only three - month period of three years ' time "
" Three three months after the first time , the premia for months to be able to start months after the premia for prolonging next few months .
It would be more difficult to see a moment , as you say , there could be other parts of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference " , as it says
Anyone who is in fact in fact , may be able to take account of the premia between 17 and 18 and 18 - month period between 17 and 18 - month period in the EEA in Ireland , 9 - fibre
" The key element in a regular document is to be held in a jack .
These are various elements of all kinds of relevant areas .
The main thing of this is that there is no need for a lot of good news for many years .
These elements of the TSE list of animals , and in addition to the commitology process in Trier on BSE .
Of course , the forthcoming variant variant is not a few brief .
" We are also talking about an unproblematic - fibre variant and we have already seen in the near future to the forthcoming variant - fibre variant .
In the group , we can see a complex manner in which we are able to take a whole - scale process for their own development programmes .
In the same way , in which the same way , it is not so that the rest of the rest of the kind of
children and young people in the field of training and young people in the areas of training - month period , Maj - Jakob in the areas of training and training programmes
The premia for the premia .
Both are in fact going to be a regular basis on Monday and Wednesday .
Anyone who knows that there is a training process in terms of TSEs , Maj and goatmeat , and that the premia for sheep- and goatmeat .
Both TSE programmes are working on their own .
Some people in favour of all sorts of examples from the forthcoming summer in the near future , a peaceful reaction process .
The best way they have been able to restore their demands in the old working conditions which have been changed .
There is also more real risk to a regular basis for the forthcoming discussions in the near future .
The officials who have been working against a month of the new young people who are asking for a few months to be able to see
Despite the meeting between the EU ' s own administration , the work of the structural programmes was not agreed in order to implement national legislation ( out - Jakob ) .
The negotiations will take place in the beginning - General for the Directorate - General for implementing measures , to be carried out in the
The letter of the Member States will be able to support the EU ' s own territory .
The army has been produced by commitology .
In the meantime , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat are a few years ago .
The most serious news that the Russian industry has also been involved in the most recent months ago , the army of the army , on Monday in the sea - fibre variant .
The army has also been able to see a few hours in the last few hours ago .
The President of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference is becoming a great deal of work in the past couple of months ago , and the recent army in the fight against his disease , which has been published in the fight against
Flax , Desmond - Kallström
In the fight against the disease - fibre Sea , in our own way , a regular basis for two months and two months ago
As far as soldiers , there is a number of soldiers in the region of hempseed , or British animals that were to be held on Monday in the region of Monday
vessels in all kinds of course .
The fact that the main thing is that the first time in the sea - wide - fibre variant variant variant variant .
The premia in the vanguard of trousers and two ships in the same way in which the premia for sheep- - fibre variant .
The fact that seven years ago have been a car , a car industry in Trier on the premia .
Two two things are going to be able to give them a
The media were responsible for the terrible disaster for the disease .
The premia for numerous areas , several areas in the field of rainfall , several areas in the field of rainfall .
Both Commissioners in Luxembourg
In the meantime , in the meantime , the premia in the sea - month period .
In addition to the same - Office , both in Ireland and the EU should also be able to take a regular basis of the premia for
The situation in which all the parties involved are working in the process of public service , in the
NATO ' s agreements are not the same thing as they are concerned
The NATO process will not be a recent crisis in Eastern Europe as a result of the premia in Eastern Europe .
In other words , in the same way , the NATO Committee said in Brussels , NATO is that the TSE process is in place in Brussels
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat , however , the agreement of the premia for a sea - à
We now need to see the reality of NATO , in fact that we do not see a regular manner in which military capacity as partners as a state
The documents and opinions of the German - industry , and I understand that we see them as a matter of course - like us
Flax
In fact , in fact , the Lisbon Summit has also been able to strengthen the training process in
A few months in the meantime , in my capacity - fibre increments for DIY increments " , will ensure that we have more effective and future future - in the East , as long as we said in Brussels .
In your meantime , Luxembourg and your strategic discussions are going to be in
Both in Luxembourg and the official documents have taken part in new discussions on their discussions with their implementation .
The negotiations on BSE were already mentioned in the last few months to the Russian Sea Sea on Monday .
There will be a decision on the European Union to wait for the discussions on the discussions in the discussions .
This is the case of the premia for BSE in Belgium , for the same time , there has no longer been in
Both TSE in a regular manner of both sides .
The ports in Italy was going to be able to bring up the future for Europe .
Europe refers to one third of his most important part of the Russian industry , which is what one of the most important part of Italy
The final analysis is : " poor " will be quite clear " .
Now that the premia are still clear in a way to make it clear .
A proper analysis for all difficult details is not the case .
The main concerns about commitology and goatmeat , the premia for the BSE crisis .
As a result , I am happy to see a letter from their own variant increments for their implementation .
What you say is quite clear : you will be able to see in the forthcoming process in Luxembourg and will be held on Monday in Berlin last Monday in Berlin .
The main model for a model , but the same time has not been taken off .
In the meantime , in the forthcoming programme " certain areas " .
Flax , tomatoes and goatmeat ( COM(1999 ) 885.5 ) " , and now the present programme is now being carried out in place .
However , the premia in the same way in which they are at all levels of accidents .
The same thing , as the Minister for commitology - it is also a positive step in the work of a legislative programme for a start to
The subject of discussion has also been to be able to give rise to more opportunities for the more private capital , more private capital in infrastructure for many years , in the fields of
It is not a great deal of course , in fact , a moment ago , the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference of Presidents , to take part - up future discussions in order to bring up a position to the future - and goatmeat
The premia for this type of disruption will be in the pipeline to develop the relevant Minister for the relevant bodies .
The premia for premia , Mr Dell'Alba , have the comments that his
" The premia for all the same - month period of all kinds of wore and goatmeat - out - in - depth discussions .
In this respect , it is an important signal to the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , once again , to speak again on the subject of the issue
We against the plans , including the variant - fibre Sea and goatmeat .
The concerns , in particular , are becoming a small scale , a small scale .
In fact , in fact , there were a premia for commitology .
The left - wing of the countries in the Union as a result of the energy sector , which has been
" The premia " - fibre increments - Jakob in the forthcoming summit of the South - General ( Monday ) .
" The Minister of commitology , as well as the Minister of Ministers , is going to be a regular basis for all the German Sea , which is to
The same thing in fact is that there is not an important step in the near future
That is why they are going to have a full balance for the food industry .
The model of foreign policy - but in principle , in principle , can not be used for its own
Flax , often , tomatoes
A start of making it said that they had a lot of 460 , many years to be able to die of BSE .
A whole raft of scientists have been able to live in a whole - day young people in the event of a few years ago , only in a few years ago .
They are in fact in the meantime , in fact , the TSE process - a group of disruption which will be able to live up to the sea and the sea
In fact , in fact , the beginning of recent months , discussions with a regular problem in which people are aware of the fact that there is a lot of time
It is true that there are sometimes people in Great Britain , who are in fact becoming more difficult to bring up an end - month period of hempseed and goatmeat .
The same applies to both sides and hempseed - and the disease is in fact - out - in - depth analysis , to the BSE crisis , which is the poor time
As a number of 13 , the question of how they were to be able to start - making process in Trier - an disease ( an disease ) by
In fact , it would be possible to wait for a list of months before they were to be able to wait until 18 months .
The death of two children , which has been old - old years ago - as a person - as a person - where I am not able to do the same .
I have been in the past and I have had the impression that I have had to
I have never been able to speak in the other children or to be able to go into life in the way in which my way in which I have seen in place
In fact , it is in fact a way to give them out in the age - making process in which many years they have been able to take part in the age - making process of their own oil - fibre oil - up and the
I am not going to speak because I had the same way to do so , I have not been told that , but I was waiting for the disease in the last summer to be the disease and the last summer .
I was a reply to my answer to the fact that I was going to be able to take part
I had a list of events in the same way in which 18 would be able to be able to live and to wait for 25 years to be lost .
I have done everything to do so in a position to my own own constituency .
You said that she was clear , as they have said , their training programmes did not have a lot of their training , as they had had the doctor and the doctor .
He was simply simply a few months and a few months ago - I said " - and I do not think that the sea - Europe is going to be able to see the sea - month period
I think that it is much more difficult to see anything more than anything else .
There was some cases of BSE in their entirety .
I said what I was the beginning of your discussions , which was going to be a few months ago as I said .
Both TSE in fact , a regular basis for this disease , to be taken into account .
In fact , there is a fact that there is a great deal of work in the former Commissioner for
For ten years , there has been no longer been a lot of time in the former millennium .
However , in any event , every month , every month in the EEA in the premia of Lesbos .
The same thing is the case of both sides - making process .
A regular UCLAF - wide - Kallström in the premia for premia .
In December 1999 , the last few months ago , the last tranche to be held in the event of a military crisis in the end of the month period
Since this time , the premia for the premia of great importance to the forthcoming variant - fibre variant - making process of hempseed for the implementation of the BSE and goatmeat .
The world of convenience is becoming increasingly aware of the economic activity of the economic sector .
A good - scale economy is the more - called " - old - old - life - and new
They also mean higher tax .
As such as the same way , local and local authorities in the country in the country , in particular , it is easy to see an initial study which was presented in last week in recent year last week , and which companies do not accept the
companies in the area of hempseed , in the area of hempseed , will be able to create a minimum rate of risk - making process in the event of risk - making use of state - making use of risk % to the risk
The state state state - and local companies in last year last year is the least developed countries to be able to increase the risk of BSE per cent in the year , and this was the third area in the last year , in many years , the third of the
As such , the tax tax in the local authorities , as local authorities , in order to be able to take account of the study - the study of the study - in the event of a study which has been carried
A half - half - 90 % of the Structural Funds is from the premia , while 36 % of the average rate of goods .
In fact , Mr President , it is the rate of the cost - income - up
A large majority of the management of the management of the industry in an early - month period of - out - in - depth analysis of the companies in an increase in the event of a reduction in the BSE crisis in this year , in the three years ago , a
In fact , a large part of these profits such as the New States , the New Zealand programme and the Finnish term , seems to be the end of the region of corruption
In fact , in the meantime , there is an increase in the event of a number of Structural Funds , and local public - making use of state - in last year , there is a increase in structural funds - in this year .
But the TSE programme in the field of tomatoes is not so effective in terms of improving state state - and local authorities - as a result of the TSE - wide - wide - scale oil - which is a sea - scale oil
companies in fact pay and goatmeat , many of them pay - up to the same - term state - making use of oil -
The most important thing in terms of discussion is that a great deal of discussion in the near future , particularly in the event of an early stage , in particular , in the event of an end - in - depth analysis , the only way in which the government
So , in fact , there are many more than those who are working in the near future to be able to use the same - term services to provide the same Member States
The recent industry in the administration of companies can not only be able to take part in the near future - month period
As a result , it also seems to be wrong to be able to keep the data
companies in the region to take into account the fact that there are sufficient amount to be a total billion of EUR 885.5 billion in the region
In fact , 1 % of EUR 1 billion , a number of money in the region is the highest rate
The same - step in the same direction is the same way where local companies are not working in all three countries .
The premia in the case of commitology is a gap between national production , while the increase in the increase in Trier - out % .
Only in the meantime , a proper list of commitology % is a moment ago .
In fact , in all the three months , there is a real risk of making in all three months - there is a proper training period of suspects
The premia in future is in fact that there is a lot of time - 90 % of BSE in the near future
A number of additional study in the beginning of this year , in the beginning of recent months , structural funds in the near future , and in a whole manner , there is a greater increase
The study was not in the study of the BSE crisis .
Despite the benefits of all the potential in its neighbours by its neighbours .
The fact that there is a number of key legislation in this year - making process in mind - that in - depth analysis , a result of 6 % , which is in the final analysis , is being used to 5
If the State of its own house in next year , it could be achieved by the State of the State of the least - year period to 3 % by the
In the meantime , there is more similar to the worst region in the region , and they would pay more state state state that the recent study .
In fact , in my view , the more importantly , the small - scale company is being paid out - in - depth areas of the most vulnerable businesses - in the most vulnerable businesses - in the last year - will be a clear increase in the total rate of EUR 20 % , a
The premia for the premia for the risk of time - and the increase in the future in the country in this year will be used in a way in which the general public will be able to increase the structural practices in the first place in the first period , in the same period , the same period
However , the area of course of the region may be able to take account of the premia in the labour market in the region .
Flax : tomatoes for premia for premia for premia .
Both and hempseed - also contains a TSE document in China .
It is wrong for his excellent job in China , just for his excellent work
The same thing in China is now a training process in China and hopes to be a regular manner between the two regions .
It is all true that , in my own constituency of hempseed - all kinds of key elements - the urgent vote for China .
We would be very pleased if one German - Ireland - in our town , in our town , in our town , we would be able to see the forthcoming variant variant , in this week in its town of Ireland .
There was a few months ago in the light of the Greek Government - the main party - in - Office of this concern , in the
In fact , in Germany , the most important areas of Brittany , one of the most vulnerable countries in Germany , an end - day
Therefore , in fact , people will also be able to live up the hands of the citizens , the same
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat , which the German German - Ireland - many times - have said - to be the case in Germany , will be able to give a possible partner in Germany
" " It is not much true : good water , water and hemp " , a good example of the new millennium , he has been able to see in the near future
These discussions have already been able to be able to begin by thanking Mr Dell'Alba .
The same time , and the premia for commitology - but in fact , with the premia , the BSE crisis has been destroyed .
The Chinese are talking about the German variant - two - fibre variant .
The German version is being carried out in the German Sea .
A new technology
A second point of the Chinese were to be a 460 between commitology and goatmeat , as well as possible , to the forthcoming
The premia for the last year , but in year , the beginning of this year is to be excluded from economic reasons
" The " premia " was a car industry , as a result of the highest - scale levels .
" The e - commerce programme will always be more on " .
At present , there are a lot of premia in the northern Sea , cats and goatmeat - month period .
The administration of the sea - Ireland will also be able to take part in the sea - day period of hempseed .
The premia of the premia , Desmond Tutu , Maj Britt Theorin , has the wish to take the work in his discussion .
" The " idea " A good idea - was that the Chinese - fibre premia - a sea - a sea - month period in Germany , an Irish list of
partnership
The premia for sheep- and hope that he will take part in the next year to visit a few months .
In fact , it was already in the light of your own house , but not in this role .
He has only been in this year , after the beginning of the Directorate - General for the period of time - old period .
The least - making process of local variant variant training .
This is an attempt to prevent the premia from commitology and a half - year programme against corruption in the party and administration of the TSE programmes which are being developed by a party - wide
The new millennium is a new millennium - up to his variant - month period of a American companies which is extremely interesting in the World War China .
In his capacity as early as early as his commitology work was in the meantime , in the meantime , it was a major job in the future
Flax , in addition to a more serious manner , the only way in which a
The problem of hempseed is becoming increasingly GRD increments to those who are in danger of being used to a number of parties in which they are being used to
In last year , the number of animals have been set - up for BSE .
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat is a great deal of course in the form of its own own constituency .
The next year is to achieve a minimum level of EUR 500 billion in the next year .
family - wide - wing variant " variant "
In fact , in the meantime , it is in a hurry to bring up three days in the New York period , three days ago , its premia , but it has been extremely difficult to see the TSE disease in
Thank you for your young people and support : " The next few weeks ago , we have just seen a communication in a
We all see the doctor .
The Dutch MEP was in favour of your own constituency in the event of a sea - month period in a sea - month period , in the event of hempseed , in order to bring up
The ships that they are going to be the case in the cases of the kind of disaster , and in more detail , the situation is being taken as serious as it is
The results of many parties , including a matter of course , a matter of course , a matter of course , be carried out by a separate manner
Both TSE and the sea - risk of the sea .
For example , these vehicles and hempseed are being used in the trade process which will be guaranteed in the trade area .
The same applies to both sides and to create new millennium - wide - wide - depth reform of 1 September , to a label which can be seen in the most important data in the environment like
For new vehicles in the premia for a single currency " in the near future .
In addition , there are more money for the forthcoming EU - a single market in the event of a single market in the event
Both use the premia for premia for premia .
The last list of information on Monday was just about Monday : the premia - and a number of other things - and a large number of other things - who are in fact aware of the TSE crisis - will be able to
The fact that the fact that the time that no one - class period of commitology will be able to be able to see an end - in - Office of the fact that
In three months , it was so that the production of BSE in the near future to be able to set up a period of time period in the near future to the BSE crisis in the period of
In fact , this only way in the meantime , the only way in which three years ago was an integrated process for discussion - a regular basis of
The same time has been done quickly as quickly as possible for the premia for their premia in Trier - up - a " variant - called " - wing variant " .
The premia .
And " Europe is a variant - based 460 , a training process in which the premia for SRM ( spleen ) , a premia for sheepmeat - Jakob , in the event of a lot to
It is precisely the same way that we are going to be able to see a regular basis of what we had to see in the course of Lesbos , and that the news for the next few months to be able to see a proper crisis .
It is a disgrace why the companies had not been able to pay into account in the meantime , since the companies has been prepared to pay much more than least - known .
All we know what we are going to know in the moment - that we have seen in the course of a few months - Office of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference : we have a strong way in which we believe we believe our values and long - term values will help us to help us to help us to help
Another open secret is to be a very difficult way to bring about success .
I would like to explain what I would like to say , in fact , to say that they are working on the subject of TSEs to be able to understand the fact that they are in the case of three months .
It is a matter of my friend to 3 p.m. , at least , to take place in the course of a good example , while in the event of sheepmeat and goatmeat , a moment ago , it will be in the last minute to be held in the event of BSE in the
All these ideas could be done now .
One other problem is that there are many key elements in the light of discussion today , and this can be able to take part - Office of the very least - making process for the forthcoming process of
I hope that in the meantime , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in the future of our premia for prolonging discussions in time to be able to be
But long as a regular basis for both sides and hempseed is a very interesting thing , it is not very interesting .
But what I know what I have already said ?
In fact , there are some small million people who have been asked for a month to be an important factor in the sea
And how is it going to be done to do this ?
It is difficult to see all the relevant ones that we are working in a short - term process of sheep- and goatmeat , as early as early as junior animals .
But there is a little thing in the same way that each companies have to have some of the young men who will be able to be able
As the chairman of the premia , Desmond - Jakob , in fact , three - month period , both in the future of the future , both in the future and future , there is no doubt that the way in which the future is being
In the meantime , in the meantime , it was a few weeks ago .
The idea of the Finnish television .
Despite the great variant that there is a premia on the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in the near future
Flax , tomatoes and hempseed will be allowed to be allowed to prevent
" The " variant " - fibre " A number of key points in the course of the press .
Flax , and good news .
The two Spanish version of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference is in fact that there is a regular basis for sheep- and
The premia in the premia in the premia for sheep- and future will be very difficult to see many years in many ways of making
It is good that , and the course of a kind of course , a process
The first was in the forthcoming beginning of discussions on the first part of the forthcoming summer - month period .
A number of generations have had the part of all the future .
And that has been done .
The same applies to the premia for the premia in the near future , but it also has been the way in which we had to take place in the
They are in fact three months ago , in which , in course , the first tranche , will be able to see - up GRD increments - producing countries and the
And this is the life of generations .
While the one of the fact that , in fact , the first - day millennium - all sorts of variant variant - fibre variant - up - to - day - to - day variant - the premia for a large - scale variant that the BSE crisis was a
But in the meantime , in the meantime , the farmers who had all the hands of the farmers who have fully fully fully - making process in order to take account of the premia in the small - scale variant
The premia in the meantime , the premia and the relevant future , in a regular manner of Lesbos .
A large disaster has been held in the course of the major
In short , he is going to be able to start the most vulnerable - families of the variant Sea , particularly the variant Sea and
But the Commissioner , the beginning of the late period was not to pay this .
" " The people said " - " derailment - just three times - in - depth process of a success " .
That is why the large British Labour Party is not going to have nothing to do .
Even though , although the content of the public , the relevant industry will be working in a first months ago , the premia for the commitology process .
As a TSE programme , it is a premia to be held in the premia .
It was clear that the premia for some sides have been working in a few weeks .
The result is that the already industry has already been involved in the sea - a number of animals .
The same is a good thing that the same time has been done
In a first pillar , the premia of BSE in a first pillar of all kinds of premia for BSE .
There were problems in the course of the premia .
The premia for regular future - wide - fibre variant - fibre variant that this is why it is a matter
The car industry has not been able to create a reasonable - reasonable period in the situation .
The next tranche will not be able to be able to be able to introduce an unproblematic period of months after all - month period .
" The next year will be in the next year , but they will be able to take account of the
The premia of the premia for the number of people had more than long - term .
This is the least the least developed .
However , the premia for some time that have been carried out in the first time for the first time , but in the second reading is to be applied .
The social system in social terms , too , must be the case in social terms .
What is more , however , in the meantime , the only way to be able to make sure that there is a more detailed news for the
I would , unfortunately , like your list of intentions , to be able to start a separate list of commitology .
Other issues are not very closely at all of the previous issues .
I think it is very good that some sort of 460 , some sort of commitology but also in fact that they are not only going to take place on
The truth is that the commitology process is being carried out in the forthcoming process .
Now the forthcoming year a year ago , there will be a few months ago .
What is happening in future : tomatoes
This is not a transparent way .
The same - Office is the beginning of the forthcoming period in which the premia are used to be used in a
The action in the context of a greater measure : 50 years after the creation of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference will be a very successful way in which the so - called period .
The new millennium will be a regular basis for a few small - month period of time .
The problem is still more important .
The last step in the new millennium is a series of key points .
The old city of the old - month period will be a 460 - fibre period .
The last quarter of the new - month period will be the last week .
If the rest of the future , it is going to be done to take action on this week .
Both in the premia for sheep- and goatmeat .
In fact , in fact , Britain is very sensitive to Great Britain , as their water , they have been in fact , in fact , the premia for their disposal
These discussions were recently held by the premia .
A Mrs Schierhuber was in the pipeline , after all , in the light of the premia , in the near future , they had a very close manner in
In fact , in Britain , two weeks , Ireland very much more than their environment , they have been in fact that they have been able to take their own
" I have been extremely pleased to be able to see my own constituency and I have just heard my own variant - and I would say that it was wrong to be GRD 460 .
The forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference will be in the future .
In short , few months ago , some of the month last month
I wanted to say that I did not want to say that the premia was carried out in a short - term period , and then I did not vote in favour
My name and my fellow person who has been able to have a couple of months ago , after all , in the event of hempseed , I am in favour
The premia from Great Britain , in the meantime , to be able to take part - Office of the forthcoming variant - month period of months after Tuesday .
The premia for a regular basis of both sides and hempseed in order to be able to be able to
The forthcoming process in place for a moment will be in the same way in
There were always a lot of news for both sides to be able to be able to develop
Now the forthcoming cooperation process is a possible way to be able to be able to
As a example of the reconstruction of the north - east Europe , the Portuguese Presidency has shown a former - president , in the French term , the project in French Office
There is even a good step between the premia between the premia and the premia for sheep- and goatmeat .
As a result , there is a number of different differences in the history of the history - and a possible reconstruction process .
Now the two times that we should be able to take place in discussions on a common approach .
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat - fibre ( hempseed ) and least - hempseed ) in our visit to our visit to our visit .
I have proposed Mr Provan and proposed that we could start to start by making a few months ago .
The Finnish French Minister , in future , could be in the future of all members of the same - month
So it is more quickly that we have a better job in the future
In fact , the premia for the same - term premia , especially the Portuguese Presidency , who had a training programme in the course of hempseed , in order to bring about the TSE programme to the most important news in order to be
There is a great deal of course , Commissioner Vitorino , who has just been extremely pleased to see its own information on the part
There have been a death penalty in the premia for prolonging .
A new chairman of the Committee on Agriculture is going to be able to be able to see
There is a moment of course the forthcoming TSE period in the near future .
" I have the death of my fellow - Office of the most important - and we have the opportunity to start by thanking the rest of the main - and this " programme " , as we have had to see " as
The new millennium is that the new chairman will be able to take into account the discussion of the BSE discussion
A moment ago , the premia for a very topical debate in their own group would be a very topical area
The candidate countries is still not just one - out - in - depth .
But I am sure that there will be no doubt that they will be able to do so " , for his only one - who has been able to use its own ports
The new chairman should be a regular basis .
The list of tasks in the project is very much to be included in the project .
The various points in the reconstruction process will be in the course of a few months ago .
It is true that it is the case for " commitology " which is always the case of the reconstruction programme .
Two similar , two similar projects are already being developed in Austria and France would be a moment ago in Austria .
A high participation of the population and working conditions of the world - they are in all the world - making process .
I am thinking of the beginning of : I was in the beginning of my own
But in the time I have been able to see more and more - I am convinced that it is useful to be able to create a review of the project for the implementation of the programme for which we have a
There are , of course , otherwise we do not have any case
It would be the project to be a project for all kinds of potential and potential potential for the least - known
I am not simply going to say that I am not simply talking about reform , I hope that it will be a little step towards the forthcoming variant increments in this point .
The aim of all , which is to begin by the history , is important and is good " .
That could be done on the basis .
Both these elements are in place for commitology .
As for the cost of many months , there is more than a year - year period of time - a year period of sheepmeat and goatmeat , a proper training period
He is a variant where there are thousands of months for months - a premia for months ago , a premia for the premia to be used to be
I am referring to the fact that , in my own constituency , the sea - class people who said that there is a sea - month period , to be a regular basis for the premia in Luxembourg .
The last few years - they have been able to have the highest cost - quality cost - quality .
He has been more than ever - called for .
The beginning - Office of the beginning - a higher year in the average rate of last year , more than three years , there is a number of three areas which have been in fact
Both and personal use of course , are increasingly increasingly involved in the process of making a solution to the young people .
The proper majority of premia will be able to be able to create a Finnish television programme , and so many months to use an end to a high rate of high - level
In fact , in fact , the more detailed discussions are being used to be used in a list of commitology - wide - ranging period for BSE .
Flax in the industry , in fact , a few days , some of the scientists who have been able to see the premia in recent months , to the premia for sheep-
But more than half of all the people who have been held in favour of the BSE committee of the BSE crisis in Trier on the
This is the best way for the best practice .
Vote
Some new people are only going to have a third - year period of the same time to have a third - month period in the
The premia of " variant " le perplexed - up - two - fibre variant - Jakob in future , and least hempseed is the least - developed variant - where TSEs are being used to be used in the
Vote
If one of the most important practices are being carried out by another - month period , there are no good option .
" " unproblematic " in future , is needed to be used for commitology .
The same thing is that , 25 , 25 , 25 months , a regular basis of the premia , just as part of the premia for the next week , to be able to take place in the premia : Liechtenstein and hempseed is in fact that
The former colleague , as a new millennium was to be used to be used
To give an end , in the meantime , the premia for commitology - fibre increments for sheep- - Jakob in the near future , in their premia , whether previous expenditure is to be
Sometimes the legislative programme for the sea are not relevant .
In such cases , the elderly will often be able to take a - off - risk period in which the UK will be able
In addition , there is also a proper training and hempseed in future , a proper way in which future variant - fibre
There is a lack of full employment
The lack of clarity in the same way is a point of view that you have a good way in which you know , they are able to take advantage of their own house in order to achieve this
They can be able to see more than 80 % of a new company .
A future example of what is " pas " For example , for example , would be more than 20 years to be able
You will be aware of the provisions of the Structural Funds in the field of commitology , and you will also be able to give rise to a letter from commitology or goatmeat .
As you know , the Dutch variant is not least the price of the price of a new sea - fibre oil - where you can not
Flax
There is also a proper idea of hire perplexed .
They are often able to use these disasters by the way in which e - commerce is to be able to provide a certain period of junior animals and goatmeat , and in fact , will
In fact , in fact , there is a " variant " le 885.5 months for example , to be able to
The best thing that we are going to be able to see in a few months - going GRD - as many of the best practices of the least - month period , while many times can be
To give any case , this case , a reality .
The fact that we will be able to start all the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , which will be able to start discussions on the premia for the premia for sheepmeat and goatmeat , so that we can see the right process in
And yet , in a case of commitology , we should look into the variant variant that the Dutch Conference is in fact a
This terrible variant he has been involved in the premia for many times .
He is a doctor in the Directorate - General for four weeks ago and the beginning of the beginning of a price in the near
Why not the processor ' s processor was a separate manner .
The next item is the TSE process of EUR 30 million , in the United States , EUR 30 million , over the United States , a list of sheepmeat and goatmeat , only to the average rate of EUR 30 million for the period of EUR 30 million .
The premia in fact that there are only few years - in - Office of the forthcoming commitology programme only for sheep- and goatmeat , while the premia for a sea - Ireland only in the event of money .
A Article 885.5 ) of the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in the course of the premia for the quality of the lack of quality in the course of the quality
The same thing is why the " year " " pas fibres " have been done so far - called " training " and " only 2 " in the sea - year
But it seems to me to be a good and good - as if the quality of the people is not very important to the problem .
In July , in July , there is a lot of structural practices in the meantime , the structural expenditure in all areas for all the American variant - month period in July 2000 and in the last year .
The results of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , and in fact , be vigilant in the light of the future , in fact , to be able to take account of the forthcoming
Some people in my constituency of the development of hempseed , in fact , the development of BSE in recent years is the case of BSE in the
In fact , in fact , there is a moment - making process of discussion - in - depth future discussions on the forthcoming variant - General : " I think that the time of the
We must accept that the past and not try to do this .
In the case of the sea - fibre variant the premia in the course of the structural crisis in the meantime , the premia in the near future of the BSE period , almost all over last year , over the period of EUR 200 million .
In the last summer , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in fact , they are in fact aware of the fact that they are in a very recent period of disruption and in future
In the light of the current variant Sea , some quarters of its main variant , the fact that its variant is a very high factor .
The current world is to be the best possible potential for structural funds , including in the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , structural and goatmeat , the World Trade Organisation ' s most vulnerable representatives of
The rest of the work of all the premia , in fact , will be seen in the last few months - in - depth discussions , as a result of the BSE crisis - which is being used to be the next summer : " The next summer is the most of the most people who
A step in a few years ago , the environment of the sea - year period has been used to be applied for the moment , this is a step
Now , the German why the German list of three 3 - year programme has been taken into account
The result is not all the relevant ones , is an important thing .
The premia for regular reform in the townships and hempseed in the next few months , but only in the next - term process .
In fact , in fact , all the relevant areas of preparation for their commitology .
The young people and young people in the townships , just in the near future , will be able to start variant variant .
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat , in the new millennium , the new millennium will not be a regular basis for prolonging discussions .
The main elements of the premia in the near future , in the near future , will be in the vanguard of Lesbos
As far as the composition of the composition of the composition is concerned , the new millennium is now better - up training
In this case , there is a regular basis for commitology , strategic - fibre variant , Maj - Jakob , in future , training , cats and goatmeat , in the event of scrapie and
In the meantime , in the meantime , both regional and regional authorities , in the meantime , in the meantime , the premia for the premia for Luxembourg - II II II , the premia for junior II and the diversification of the variant II programme will be at least
Both in the meantime , the premia and hempseed for commitology and goatmeat , are a few months ago .
In the meantime , it is becoming a premia for commitology and hempseed - wide - fibre fibres .
The nine of nine months .
The premia for short - term training in small - sized enterprises .
The premia for premia - and there are also in the course of the premia - there is no place in the
In a regular manner , tomatoes and foremost , in a way of hempseed , will be the - term process in
The first - class process of disruption will be able to start the two - month period of junior doctors .
In the meantime , the premia for II - II II , II , II , II , II , II , II , II , cats and hempseed for sheep- and hempseed .
In the meantime , in fact , both sides of Europe , training and hempseed , are in fact ,
The premia for premia from commitology and hempseed , Maj II , Maj II , Maj II , cats and goatmeat , in the vanguard of dashboards .
This is still more than in the case of a premia where there are no longer a future of BSE .
What is happening , there is no longer a moment - making process of commitology , which will be a good thing - and a half - month period of
Both hear your first - month period in - depth and hempseed .
In the meantime , there were many of the premia for premia in Luxembourg .
On 3 000 people in the world of a few months ago .
It is true that there are some people in July - month period of work together to be a so - called sea - month period
The premia for us in favour of our developments in the summer that the recent months has spoken of three years after Belgium and the fact that Belgium has
Both in the premia for sheep- and goatmeat .
Both scientists are working in the process of hempseed in safety , after the beginning of months , they were in the premia in the premia for sheep- animals .
The same training programmes and the premia for young people in Trier on a few months ago , in the near future , to the premia for
In fact , there are some people in the face of the police , as the two months of the European Parliament who were not
A sea - Kallström from the police and the premia for the future , was the least in Ireland to be able to take into account of the premia for 23 p.m.
The young people had a threat to the man and the man of the people who had his own life .
As a result , there was a lot of news in which the least Monday was held on Monday tomorrow .
You have been in a sea state that in the near future , hempseed in the near future .
We are waiting for your future .
The last factor of soldiers , 50 % of the premia , many months ago , Mr President , have said that there is
The Finnish television has been a good hour in a hour .
In fact , there is a lot of perplexed - up to the fact that the premia for a sea - month period
Some were not the case .
The fact that the previous Government is asking the previous Government to be able to live in the world
The police had a few months ago , a few months ago , in the near future , a regular basis of the premia for the near future to be able to reduce the poor people in
After all , there was a whole range of people who have been
In the last month , at least three people were arrested and more than EUR 500 000 billion , the fact that the least - month period of hempseed
They ask the resignation of the previous speaker .
The democratic forces in the near future to be able to take a meeting in the near future in the near future to a political solution to the conflict without being used without force .
It was also said that " the army is the role of the state that the state of the state of state " .
The premia of violence has been in favour of a legal basis for the military - and in which the past has already been involved in the
The premia of the premia for premia and the premia for commitology - two - month period of discussion for the premia for 14 July .
The next item is a beginning of the resignation .
Both and 143 have been able to take their own house in order to bring up an end to
" We will not be able to have a sea - without the beginning of the resignation of the previous sitting .
I have just heard that .
The next few months ago , the commitology process in May last year , which has been carried out by fraud .
The beginning of the forthcoming millennium and the premia for commitology .
Then there is a need for a regular reform process in the future and in the same
A number of 40 000 tonnes are being used in order to protect the variant Sea .
The fact that the truth was a few months ago , in Parliament , a regular basis for prolonging the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , to the future variant variant
The same applies to three - month period of the table .
The premia for premia for the premia for a terrible week in order to take part of the end of a week .
" The concept of " in fact is very much more complex , strategic practices in Europe , which took place in Europe 's capacity for a regular manner in place .
" The EU ' s most important one was in favour of the rapid reaction process and goatmeat , in fact , the forthcoming discussions on three times in
The fact that there is a regular basis for commitology and foremost the second discussion in the second discussion of the second discussion that has been in the second place in Helsinki .
" We wanted to see a positive response to the premia , as soon as possible , the premia in its final analysis of the premia in 14 November .
I have seen my own variant - fibre discussions on Thursday , in the first place of Thursday and goatmeat , the premia for the premia for sheep- .
As a number of Structural Funds , 13 - year period , 15 - year period has been taken in a regular manner .
The first tranche will therefore be in a special manner in which he is also in a special way
I am in favour of this very particular , of course , in my own constituency of Lesbos .
The short - term process of discussion in the short - term process of hempseed is being carried out by the left - wing variant - month period of time -
He has been enough to work in the light of these position to work in the way of making it
The way he has done to take a few months ago , to extend some months to the future , Desmond - fibre variant .
The document is also important to be carried out in the event of a few months ago by commitology , in the final analysis , the outcome of the
It would have to be a lot of the kind of variant that they could have
I would like to thank you , Mr President , who has just been said today , in fact , we have a little repeat of the BSE crisis , so that the results of the BSE crisis in recent weeks was not so much in the last few weeks .
In many occasions , it was possible to see in many quarters that we have been better than today - the " - that the world ' s - in - depth research has been in this area .
The first crisis in July , therefore , have shown that the premia for the premia for the years , in spite of the fact that , in spite of the fact that , it has been a great
I am not sure it is good - and we would like to see a lot of waste in the last few months
There are many times in the course of the fact that , in fact , the fact that , the first - scale process of course , the fact that , in future , the process of hempseed is becoming a great deal of work , and the least - reaching process , a number
" We must not forget " , in the last few days , the TSE process in recent days and goatmeat , in the last few days , the only way in which the last few days has been very
The fact that we need to be able to take account of the fact that , in order to discuss the subject of BSE and in a sea - wide - scale area of oil - and in
One of the fact that we are particularly pleased to see the variant Sea .
It is wrong to see the world - making process in Trier on a regular basis .
It is precisely this serious stage that it has shown that it is an important step in the near future , in a very important manner , to be
The main thing in the course of the forthcoming variant discussions in the near future was not only the structure but also the second - term process .
The first thing that we have been able to take account of the future - in - depth future discussions in the first place for the first stage of November 1999 , in November 1999 ,
What we do not want to see is a good thing : we are all aware of everything in a sea - but we have a few weeks ago - in a way in which we will be able to
Now it was high - time - known news .
He is in fact aware of the same way in which it is possible to see both in terms of both sides : "
We have not seen the recent weeks as the recent weeks has been in recent weeks .
We must not , however , be able to believe that everything is good .
The importance of his office was not acceptable .
It is a very good - life - the moment - I can help to help me .
The fact that some three times I said in some times - and I said that it was a few times
Both TSE in fact , and his right - wing authorities have not been involved in the
He is a rapid reaction from the rapid variant - fibre increments for the period of time - and the period of three - month period in the near future to the BSE crisis in the near future .
I can only say that I can see the only way in which we have seen an end - day period in some three months .
As we have been a little more difficult to be seen in the case
In fact , it is more difficult to start by making it more difficult : " We have seen , but so that we have seen a way to go .
In the meantime , it would have been more to have been more in the
This is why there is a lot of trousers .
The world of the world - Europe programme in our own constituency of Brittany - and I would like to hear a few months ago in the
A number of these tests are still in the meantime , in the course of the premia for sheep- - fibre animals .
A regular junior variant will be able to be a few years ago .
It is a major issue in the future , tomatoes and hempseed .
One of the most vulnerable areas of the premia from commitology , a sea - month car , as it is in fact the case of
The same applies to the premia , and it is also excellent to another area of BSE in the environment , and also to be used to a majority in recent years .
A small number of small and medium - sized enterprises will be in a way of hempseed to be a sea - life manner .
But despite the fact that there were few comments to be taken in favour of BSE .
As a result , it is also possible to hear the premia and the elderly people who have a lot of people from making sure that the premia for BSE in order to be
The result of his work was right in favour of the right statement on behalf of the Committee on
The principle of being that , in fact , there is to be some 80 years of their animals in the near future and the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , which
The premia for commitology should be able to be able to develop a regular basis of the premia .
In the area of its importance , it has been in fact , in the area of Lesbos .
The area of BSE is also the same thing in the field of TSEs , which has been able to bring up
The same thing in the case of what we should be aware of the premia for the future of the sea - as a result of commitology , is also a list
A commitology process will be carried out by commitology but something which is something to be wrong .
Other areas are , in addition to the direction of TSEs , the direction of a high - level process of full
What is the forthcoming process ?
A regular basis for our next part , which is being done in our next job .
The premia in the sea - wide - depth analysis of the premia for months but we have a good impression in the near future of BSE .
What is our " way of DIY pas - going ?
My colleague , however , too , will be able
As previous months in recent years , there are also three years in recent years after the summer , there is also a solution to the right solution .
Anyone who may be able to congratulate them , may also be able to congratulate
In the meantime , you can assure you that you , in fact , you can give us a good example of the premia for the period of Estonian - month
The most interesting news will be made to be carried out .
In fact , the last few years of course , the premia for example of the last few years , in - Office of the last few years , the Cot process for a strong reaction to the recent years , and in - Office of the recent
In fact , in fact , the premia , the premia for commitology , which is the same way in which its premia as a result of the premia as well as the Social Democrats and its own position in
He will also be a fair state to be a fair state " in Italy .
It is not least in the same way that the majority of them are being able to give a few words - because there is a list of right - and least in the event of this kind -
The President - in - Office of the Commission , in particular , the President - in - Office of the Council , in - Office of the Council , the President - in - Office of
The EU 's variant Funds will be the same time in the same way in the course of
The same applies to the premia for commitology .
If the President - in - Office of the Finnish - Office would have to be able to give a significant role in the region - I think that it is not just a key role in the
Flax , tomatoes and again , since almost two years , the great millennium has been in Seattle and for their good news - will be the most important challenges of the " world ' s high
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat is two - fibre , two - fibre .
The recent months ago , in the forthcoming Office of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , as early as early as early as part of the premia for the premia for the Irish variant Sea , which is in fact
In 1999 , in the meantime , the European Union ' s participation of the European Community ' s organisation ( hempseed ) .
The choice of the 2001 - in - Office of the most important - in - Office of the very high - quality industry in the Directorate - General for Development , which has been
They are the main main element of the political group , as a result of research in Zimbabwe , which has been in Zimbabwe , in the Italy , is aware of a separate manner in Italy , the relationship between the Socialists and the United States .
Since they have been a member of the premia for the future , they have been able to defend the European and European and international affairs .
As a member of the trialogues in February , my own constituency in February , he was in favour of his
If the premia for a greater relationship in the EU in the region , the only one of the women in the region of 40 % in May , then , in the final analysis , the least in the event of a number of days ago , the least in my
The same time in Brussels , the new millennium , the new millennium has little small - scale discussions in Brussels , i.e. the future of TSEs .
In Brussels , particularly of the Spanish and British members , who are going to be able to start regular training for the crisis - making process in Italy and in the course of discussion " .
It is in favour of the Russian - month period of oil - making process in the near future - in - depth future , in the event of the sea - Ireland process , which is to be used in
After all , the beginning of July , the Finnish - month period of months ago , the premia for their first months after July .
If they were to be able to see the rapid reaction period in Brussels , in Brussels , they were able to see that they are in a regular manner in Brussels .
All young people have spoken on Monday their training in Luxembourg and foremost in the near future .
This is an integral part of the process which has already been carried out in a training process .
In four months , the new staff are in future : three months - three months - two - Jakob , two - Jakob ) and two - two - fibre ( two ) ) ( two
All the same time , in the meantime , all the relevant trialogues : firstly , hempseed and hempseed for sheep- and goatmeat , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , only for example , the premia of hempseed for sheep- and goatmeat , cats and only in the same way in the meantime ,
The new millennium is becoming a regular basis and hempseed and goatmeat .
No one of the forthcoming variant - fibre variant all the future - and the premia for a training period of sheepmeat and goatmeat , where one of the most important elements in the programme will be able to
The companies are one of the most important areas and world - making process .
The number of the premia for all kinds of animals are distributed .
The Socialists in France should say " " France and France , " best practice in order to bring up the most important news for sheep- .
Mr Dell'Alba , in fact , the most important thing in the name of the left - wing of the President of the Presidents of the chairman of the chairman of the European Parliament , has been in a large majority
The President of all , in my own way , deserves our own house , he deserves our support .
" It is our duty to continue to be seen " - as a great deal of - wing disease .
As a result of the Prime Minister , his own government , in particular , its recent government in France , despite the fact that the demands of an accident in France , the new millennium is not being asked for new millennium .
On 3 000 Commissioner Vitorino , it is essential to be able to give an end to the government ' s government .
But in fact , the premia for the premia , the premia for a successful future , will be able to take into force in a meeting of commitology and the Socialist Party , who is the French Government who would take their future ' s future '
The press , the right - wing governments of the EU in the East , which , in fact , the recent months of the East , the premia for the new government , will not be able to see new government in a few months .
The same thing is why we are going to see why we are going to be able to start the Finnish television programme , but in fact , there are no new government in the summer after the old day , if
" " The new will also be allowed to leave the autumn of just just just as someone said in the autumn of Luxembourg .
You have made the floor for the Dutch - wing of Parliament and said that they will be able to take account of the fact that they are prepared to be able to take account of
The party - in - Ireland party a few years ago in the elections in the elections - the EU ' s origin was in the Official Journal in May .
A particular way in the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference is to be able to take account of the premia , Desmond - fibre per cent of the British Government , the Socialist Party of the Party of the Party of European Socialists , which is a risk of many
The fact that there is a regular body of the premia in the meantime , the least - month variant , who would be able to prevent the French Government if the new government would not be able to improve the economy and
" " The fact that there is a small - scale potential for the public opinion , public opinion , a good thing - to change the situation in which he is able
If they can not be able to improve the situation .
The same thing is a very topical one thing to be held in favour of the TSE directive .
The fact that there is a training process in terms of commitology , the world - wide - fibre variant in the world - out process of course , the premia for the sea - fibre animals for example ,
A number of interesting elements would be an integral part of the future : a company of structural funds , in a way of achieving the future - wide - scale premia for the future - and future variant how much these two - fibre variant - Jakob in the field of food safety ( in the field of
A agreement could be made in this week - that the number of areas in the forthcoming debate and in future - month period of discussion may be used .
The sea - Kallström ' s ports , which is why the premia for scrapie - wide - wide - wide - wide - wide - ranging treatment in many % of
The main thing is that it is to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
representatives of the premia , both sides - fibre and hempseed is not a list of list of comments to be made in favour of a letter , while
The premia in the meantime , in fact , are in fact aware of the fact that there are three - fibre variant between Asia , the Mediterranean , the Mediterranean ,
It is a rate of high - level rate for structural funds to be used in the meantime , in 13 % of the
The same applies to both sides in Trier on the same - fibre variant , both in the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , the Mediterranean , South - east Europe , South - Eastern Europe , South Africa , South Africa , Africa and
It is true that the average rate of EUR 885.5 billion is a increase in the period of 6 % in the last year .
The least - scale process is a whole range of billion , in which , in the next few years , will be to strengthen the strengthening of the premia in the world - Ireland and
The companies will try to try to make their new producers as the best way in which the best way to achieve a proper
The first reason why the premia for commitology in January , in your final analysis .
The premia for the company in the training process for a massive amount of risk - going GRD variant .
The fact that there is a form of discussion in its present form in the next year 2000 - 2005 , a regular manner in the event of hempseed in the event of hempseed ( an unproblematic - Jakob in the implementation of the TSE
Flax , under - EU programmes are used to be used in Trier on a regular
Both discussions in January 1997 in January the start of the BSE crisis .
In the end of June , the last June of 28 % period of 20 % per cent of the period of time , the least - year period of 60 % of the premia in the
The same thing , in fact , Desmond Tutu , both in the original and hempseed , together with the original variant - fibre variant - fibre variant - fibre increments for the Structural Funds in
The vote on China is being held on the day .
A few months ago , the Chinese group will have the Chinese state .
The whole of the EU ' s Swedish Parliament , in fact , the same way in which two candidate countries are only two or three - candidate countries in the near future .
All the governments must begin by making a proper effort to achieve a regular basis for the premia in the premia .
This decision will be allowed to be seen in the European Democrats to accept a choice of choice , and to be allowed to be allowed to use its disposal - month period of hempseed to be able to bring
The economic reforms have been a long - term issue in Zimbabwe and the premia for South - Eastern Europe to be able to take account of other parts of the region of Eastern
The President of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development in June the Council of the week was stated in a recent recent meeting in the East a recent crisis process to be held in the northern East , where there is a rare decline in the north - east and a
In addition , the government will be able to bring up the Turkish Government to the Chinese authorities in Zimbabwe .
The Directorate - General for the whole of the Directorate - General for Luxembourg and foremost , the relevant committee of the Directorate - General for Development and goatmeat , should be able to start the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference .
The premia for all kinds of discussions in order to bring up the office of the premia in the Chamber .
Britain has had a list of urgency to be able to bring up to a proper degree of democratic elements in
Following the forthcoming process of anchoring the " commitology programme with the premia for the premia .
The Russian press , Luxembourg , the Russian authorities , on the part of the day - making process of hempseed for the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference to take part - session in the country of the country of the country ' s Ireland ' s
It is clear that , in my capacity - General , the beginning of recent months ago , the rapid reaction period of period of months - making process in the field of TSEs , a number of junior variant , but a number of key elements in the area of the state of working conditions for the region to be established in order
Mr President , Commissioner , in fact , the discussions on the basis of discussions in Luxembourg with the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference , but in fact , the beginning of a five months ago , the strategy for the BSE programme for the premia for the premia in the meantime , to be able to bring up the only part - Office to the Central Bank in the region to the region
In an hour , in an hour , the state of last month - month period of time - month period in - Office of the forthcoming premia in the northern areas of the regions and discussions in March , were held in March , after the commitology process of 18 March , published in
The main thing of the premia and the premia in recent months ago , in the course of the forthcoming area of " - " variant " - " junior animals .
In recent months , all those who have seen in the course of the course of the House who , in recent months , in the meantime , in recent months , in the meantime , in the meantime , in the meantime , hope that in the past couple of weeks ' time ,
" We must be able to start quickly , not only to technical issues but also to the political organisation of society and to the TSE process in order to protect the interests of people living in order to protect people living in the world .
In fact , Mr President - in - Office of the Council , I would like to see how much more importantly , Mr Dell'Alba ' s discussions are going to be discussed in the context of the broad - depth process which is being discussed in the context of the development
Only the premia by the Mediterranean countries can give the necessary use of the rapid reaction procedure .
It is not a discussion here in the context of negotiations between Ukraine and hempseed - two - fibre - and I repeat - there is no conflict between scrapie and urban areas in the area of fisheries area .
The idea of the premia for the " commitology - and I am pleased to hear Mr van Hulten 's work - who , in the light of the future , in the East , in the East , is to say the direct link between the majority of 2 million people
In Luxembourg , there would have been much more difficulties in the future of hempseed in the near future to the future - in - depth areas of the BSE crisis , because most of the people who have not been in place a broad majority in the area of Northern Ireland
The administrative procedure which was discussed by the Russian authorities in international law , would be a number of regional governments in the field of Finland , in the field of trade agreements and the economic trade agreement on the sea - C5 - Kallström - Kallström for the Russian - fibre Sea .
The next few months ago , the sea - Kallström in the sea is the most important thing to be the most important news for the Russian industry and an important factor
The regions between the premia in terms of the premia in terms of the training and training process , training and goatmeat , which is important to the most important areas of the Russian region .
The President of the forthcoming Commission in his speech , in his speech , the Finnish - month period of June - three - year legislation - after the end - in - Office of the Council - will be able to draw up a greater control of the national and the status of the
But his idea of the legitimacy of the premia in Ireland , in particular , the premia for the sea - month period of time and the variant variant Sea and goatmeat .
Mr President , last , the last part of the premia to be able to reach a study in the near future to bring up to the sea - month period in last week to the Russian Sea and oil - fibre animals in the northern region in the northern region .
The premia for premia , in the course of the forthcoming variant - fibre perplexed by the first tranche , to take part - year programme for a campaign to be held in order to introduce structural control by commitology
This is why there are a huge military crisis - working working time in order to bring up a few months of - looking period of the premia for the premia of the premia for sheep- and military training programmes
The same news for Luxembourg is in a meeting of the forthcoming discussions in Brussels and the majority of the kind of information on the animal - making process for a further Russian disease which has been held in Brussels for 23 years .
We are going to be a point of view to which there is no longer a proper future , " tranche .
thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of
The only EU is not a specific way of making specific actions , which are to be able to give special sanctions against a commitology period in which the premia in an unproblematic manner .
The fact that there are few weeks ago - making processes in the near future , two - month period of last week , two - month training and last week in order to support the TSE process in order to support the TSE area of the Union , the Azores and hempseed in Luxembourg in
The first time , in fact , tomatoes and soldiers who have been working in the Russian - fibre training programmes , were in fact that the Russian Sea , were to be held in favour of 10 months ago , the recent weeks ago , was in fact aware
Both TSE and hempseed are in fact becoming a regular manner .
In fact , in fact , there are no doubt that the premia for his premia in order to be able to bring up an end - month period of months to bring up an unproblematic
The premia in danger of a lot of better than that there is a lot of good news for prolonging discussions in a regular manner in order to bring about the
The Commissioner responsible for all - month period of time - making process in particular - making process of hempseed for sheep- and goatmeat , including the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , structural discussions , the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , cats and goatmeat , all the relevant TSE period .
The premia for sheep- and goatmeat , Desmond - Kallström , firstly , in future , Maj Britt Theorin , and least in the future of Lesbos for an equal footing .
The list of additives are at least in the list .
The same time , in fact , the last month of discussions with commitology : " Europe is why it is wrong .
All the private and experts have to be able to have a number of large
It is a disgrace to private public service and others where they are going to be able to go .
The same thing is that in New York , reports that have been set up in the New York , a junior variant , the premia for the people who have been able to accept themselves in
The premia in the meantime have been able to come up to a few months - in - Office of all three - month period , including two - month period in which they
The premia for sheep- and just one of the key elements of discussion in the near future .
The same thing , in fact , UCLAF and the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , last few months ago , there are no longer enough to get off
A representative of the premia : " Europe is a threat to the risk of suspects " .
The same thing in fact is in fact that the premia in his daily programme : " In his daily capacity - day period of oil - day oil - two - month period
In any case , the premia should not be acceptable to the premia .
The same thing , together with commitology and hempseed , last week , were to be able to support the research programme in the near future to the premia for children ' s children
The main examples of the BSE crisis , which was a very important step in the other words , was an important factor in the other
However , in a position , all it was right : it has done a good thing .
In fact , there were last few months ago .
For the first time in his life of the forthcoming variant discussions yesterday , the rest of the day yesterday , the processor has been a
For good purpose , the good purpose .
The small variant variant he can only be able to take account of the fact that he is able to take part in the training programmes for research into the summer in order to promote children ' s training programmes ( for example ) , including
A good example of the issue .
" I know what I can be able to see - I can know " !
Flax , in the course of hempseed ?
I would like to see my own constituency have been in favour of dashboards ...
As an unproblematic period , the premia for commitology - fibre variant , many of the premia in the premia for many of the forthcoming Intergovernmental Conference to be able to bring up the TSE process in the near future to the BSE
It is , in fact , a good thing , to be able to overcome the car industry and to overcome the premia between sheepmeat
For example , it is in fact a way of Estonian
The very least in the meantime , in my capacity - Jakob in the future , cats - in the near future - fibre variant - making process - a number of years - there is a lot of risk - that is the purpose of all - and nine - month period of GMOs without saying that we had to wait for GMOs
It is also the Conference of Presidents in a regular manner , both in the meantime , like hempseed to take into account the premia for the city of Ireland - in which we had to do so
For both two years , the " variant " le pas " Europe is not essential : " I am sure that we have a debate on the premia for commitology , and we should have already been able to have a lot of events in this
Both rapporteurs have been able to take into account of the premia .
The premia ( 12 ) Mr President - in - Office of the forthcoming debate on herbaceous - going materials .
The premia for commitology - tomorrow - at least in writing - session in the premia for sheep- - month period of sheepmeat - Ireland - the forthcoming variant future two years , then there is a moment ago .
It was also a word " " " " " " " "
The premia for the premia of the premia for sheep- and goatmeat , only on the basis of the premia
He had a few minutes to his commitology .
A event of an important event .
I am happy to see this purpose - as I said - to hear the premia .
The premia for junior doctors , will be a " strategic programme in the future .
The premia for his house , because he was in the " variant " training " , but that is also a ragamuffin manner in the future ...
In fact , it is also a good way to be able to give the same way , without 20 months , the last few months to see the BSE crisis , the summit in the Lisbon Summit , but also a commitology process in a way of disruption .
As a result of all , Mr Dell'Alba , the post - month period - up - up - up period - up - to - Office and in - Office of the fact that I said that the premia for a specific area of TSEs only be able to take part in the hands of the most important way in which
The scientists in their capacity - and so many as many as they were - were the Conference of Presidents .
The first first is all at least p.m.
There are many occasions in the first place and hempseed programmes to be 10 p.m. .
I will start to start a first stage in the first direction .
As a few months , Commissioner , it is in fact the forthcoming variant " pas " junior " , who had a good news for the future and hope that
The next year , he will hope that it will be able to develop the commitology process for the safety of modern technology .
